what's up everybody welcome welcome one
and all all of you even you oh to the W
show huh well I've never welcomed you to
the W show before if you think about it
you probably have on the first episode
oh maybe a long time might not have been
called W show at that point though
that's true so I'm saying this is it for
the first time Luke welcome to the WAN
show thanks bro we've got a great show
lined up for you today um we never
actually talked about this last week but
a well-known actor
in the video game accessibility space
doesn't appear to be real allegedly
we're also going to be talking about
what exactly happened this week when one
of our videos got uny youtubed we'll
talk a little bit about that but there's
going to be some more detail in a full
video that's coming tomorrow what else
we got today uh maybe our phones really
are actually listening even though we've
been gas lit that they haven't been this
whole time yeah intriguing I never
believed it yes also Concord uh sucked I
guess it's offline completely yeah I was
I was about to say I was about to say I
mean I I wouldn't know I didn't try it
but hey neither did any of you and now
you can't
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by LG
Squarespace one password our chair
partner secret lab and our laptop
partner LG Dan hold on a second before
we get into this how can a show be
sponsored by LG
twice what
oh and we're off to a good start all
right let's jump right into our first
yeah that doesn't make any sense wait no
I think it is though it is I know I know
YouTube YouTube unived one of our videos
this week the popular series that we
just started so I'm maybe taking some
artistic Liberties when I call it a
popular series but our series degoogle
your life um had a part two that was
uploaded a little over two weeks ago and
sat there on YouTube for 2 weeks until
earlier this week I received a
notification that it had been removed
moved for violating YouTube's Community
guidelines um specifically it was
flagged as potentially harmful or
dangerous content which we'll get into
this in a little bit more detail doesn't
necessarily mean that it included you
know instructions on bomb building or
anything sort of overtly dangerous like
that but more it doesn't necessarily
mean it didn't include bomb building it
is possible it included that did you
ever play it backwards like those
records from the' 70s
with the devil
lyricss did you that's fair no I didn't
well now you can't because it's not on
YouTube at least it's on Flow plane at
least it's not on our YouTube channel
where it is definitely is on float plane
and and other people's YouTube channels
and other people's YouTube channels so
what we discovered is that that category
of of of violation is just extremely
Broad and they did provide a little bit
more detail in terms of what was exactly
uh against the YouTube Community
guidelines in uh in a follow or not a
followup but in like an additional
message um I can answer a couple of your
main questions right now one is if you
want to watch this video where can you
go and the only official source of it is
lm. g/f floatplane where uh it will be
forever because it doesn't violate float
plan's terms of service but so there you
have it degoogle your life part two
where we talk about um I'm actually not
going to show the exact things we talk
about because I really don't need this
episode of The W show pulled down yeah
thanks YouTube yeah uh cool anyway there
are other places where you can find it
but guys this is yet another example of
the importance for creators of
diversifying their revenue sources and
this is something that I've been talking
about since day Zero
intern atus Med
grally when I did unpop things the do
you remember the kind of long chat we
had to have with the audience the first
time we did a baked in sponsor spot into
our video oh yeah dude that was
controversial back when we did it I
think we were promoting an Intel like
snowboard giveaway or something like
that that was either the first one yeah
that was super weird or very early one
and Ed did this like weird little like
graphic that he created for it and stuff
and that was that was a big deal back
then it was like you money grubbers get
a real job like the way the discourse
around that kind of thing has changed in
the last 11 12 years now when people
don't have those people are like what
are you doing yeah get get paid get that
bag queen you know like it's totally
changed it's totally changed now and so
you know whether it is um procuring your
your own sponsors or whether it's um
starting a merch store or whether it is
providing uh video downloading and
streaming services directly to your
viewers via an alternative platform like
patreon or nebula
or float plane um we have strongly
encouraged creators since day Zero to
look for ways to diversify their income
streams and um this just is such an this
is just such
a such a strice and Affy
of Google ultimately making our point
for us in a way that I could never make
so powerfully I do prefer it over them
effectively like Shadow Banning the
video um because that wouldn't have stri
sign affected it yeah I guess that's
true and uh thank you for bringing that
up now if anyone from YouTube watches
this I'm sure there'll be some internal
conversations about you know taking that
approach instead um good job yeah I mean
in general that is it's true what he
says
shadowbanning the offensive behavior is
absolutely the lowest impact way of at
least lowering its impact we've seen
YouTube do that before with channels so
we know that's the thing that they they
do you can find the channel you can
technically find the videos but it's
really hard you almost need direct links
to them they'll like never be
recommended to you under any
circumstance y but as it was the way
that they did it
was um not great it it ended up with I
think uh Rossman made a video about it
that has half a million views now um his
video I think front page Reddit like our
SL all it has 30,000 up votes just
discussing Google pulling this video
down um there are re-uploads of it that
I'm not going to link to because I don't
i' that's that's a question that I've
seen from the audience a bunch actually
I'm not interested in going to battle
with YouTube over this it's not totally
are you planning on doing anything on
the lmg side about the other people
uploading the videos that's this is not
me asking the question I've seen this
ass from a bunch of other people just to
be clear for the audience do what yeah I
don't know what you're talking about all
right yeah sounds I think that's that's
crystal clear to me sounds good what is
yeah nothing I mean air yeah yeah it's
clear as a crystal yeah Crystal air I
highly recommend it it's delicious it
sounds like if Crystal Light got into
like flavored air
isn't that just
asbest I assumed it was a Pepsi product
I assumed it's like one of those one of
those uh one of those weird booths you
find in like Las Vegas when they're
trying to sell you like flavored air
banana flavored
disbest y um
y so and and I you know like I said I'm
not going to say too much about it
because our full kind of breakdown is
going to be uploaded hopefully tomorrow
I might even get the call during this W
show to have a look at the at the edit
and make sure that it's that it's good
to upload oh we're releasing a video
like talking about what happened
literally we we we kind of pivoted this
morning and we went okay um at this
point it has officially strand affected
and not because we did anything we
actually hon we didn't do anything the
first thing that I said to to our Google
contact who uh by the way is great and
I'm not going to say anything that she
said or didn't say about any of it
because nothing she said is is
problematic in any way from my point of
view effectively all she did was kind of
go okay here's the resources that you
guys need and it's just kind of pointed
us at the places in the dashboard she
did everything totally great I actually
love our YouTube contact she's amazing
um but the first thing I said to her was
this is such a completely
unnecessary like escalation of this when
if you guys had a problem you literally
have my cell phone number you could have
said hey this is a problem and and and
to be clear I'm not even saying I should
get special treatment in this case I'm
just saying that as a very large Channel
regardless of how they feel about me or
my channel doing this without talking to
us and without even attempting to to
rectify the situ to tell us what's wrong
necessarily would have changed it not
that we necessarily
appreciated some form of head up at the
very least I didn't even say that I'm
just CU it no no I want to make it clear
I was not asking for a heads up oh what
I was saying was
strategically this just seems like a
pretty dumb move ah yeah yeah yeah yeah
that's all yeah yeah and that was the
first thing I that was the first thing I
said about it and I'm not going to say
what she did or didn't say in response
to that because I'm not looking to get
her in trouble she's amazing but I was
just like with every Factor considered
and I'm not I'm not saying I would have
done anything differently or that I
wouldn't have just left it up or that I
wouldn't have just said you or whatever
would have changed it CU I'm I'm not I'm
not even I'm not even going there all
I'm saying is this seems like the
highest impact possible way that you
guys could have approached this oh yeah
definitely um and it's it's that's one
of those things where I feel like
sometimes it just comes down to
Engineers making
decisions rather than you know like
people whose specialty is sort of human
relations and human interactions and
human behavior you know um you know
people who see things in terms of
numbers and in terms of policy and and
you know what I got to own my part of
the blame here right like I did put them
in a challenging position by uploading a
video that violated
to it's that simple did it violate TOS
we get into we get
into yes okay
whether or not that should be the to
we're going to leave that to people's
judgment got it but in the video we do
lay out um how we did in fact violate
TOS so I'm not even I'm not complaining
I'm not going to sit here and throw a
little hissy fit and re-upload my video
and then get a strike and then complain
about that and turn this into like a
drama snowball that's absolutely not
going to happen
but what I will say is I think they went
about this in the supremely wrongest
possible way and what I would like to
see is I'd like to see them approach
these things in the future more like
they handle things like copyright where
the video doesn't get ripped down it's
it back and forth yeah they they they
the owner Flags it and to be clear the
way they handle copyright is not perfect
I'm just saying there are some things
that we can learn from YouTube's
existing systems about how we could do
this better so you get a notification in
the meantime any AdSense earned by the
videos goes into escrow and then once
the claim is dis the claim dispute is um
resolved that funds that is in escrow
either goes to the copyright claimant or
it goes to the uploader who had their
video claimed against yeah and and so
that was how it worked for a long time
and then now it's actually a little bit
better you can use AI to remove
infringing music for example so that you
can maintain your your AdSense uh
without actually re uh without just
reallocating all of it to the the owner
of the song you used for 40 seconds of a
you know 1 hour video or whatever the
case may be MH so there's um there's
also the opportunity to trim out the
infringing part so we've done that on
Wow before where we've shown like a
movie trailer or something like that
which I actually maintain is fair use um
I'm not I'm not willing to go to court
to defend it
but I I strongly believe that watching a
movie trailer on a podcast or on
advertisement it's an advertisement yeah
when you look at the impact like there
there's the four pillars right and in
that case I think the main pillar that
matters is the one where it's the uh
here we go the effect of the use on the
potential market for or value of the
work yeah if anything you would be crazy
utterly deranged unhinged to like
willfully like make a human decision and
go those guys are showing my commercial
how dare they these people didn't pay to
access my commercial and rip it down
right like that's just that's just crazy
um and people people are saying
apparently this is totally a thing uh
camf bam in float plane chat says Warner
apparently went after Mumbo I don't know
who that is but for the Minecraft
trailer video now in that case that's a
little bit different because if you're
just playing the
trailer especially if you're being
positive about it then the impact on the
market of the work on the potential
market for the work is very positive if
you are showing the trailer in its
entirety and then just like crapping on
it for 25 minutes that particular pillar
weakens a lot right but there's four
pillars so I think when it comes to
things like marketing collateral I still
think there's very very strong arguments
to be made for the the fair use
repurposing of uh of commercials and
advertising imagery and and stuff like
that
um what was I even talking about now I
forget uh I don't know I'm looking at
the Minecraft trailer now no well have
watched it yet no no don't watch wait
wait we what did you expect that was
going to do it's one of the topics of
the I oh I was hitting the space bar I
was going to I was pausing
it I'm pretty sure you hit the trackpad
well I'm pretty sure that you hit the
trackpad well okay when I closed it yeah
um anyway the point is that um so you
are you are you talking about how we
often have to trim out trailers and then
we're going to watch a trailer on the
show uh oh yeah right right right right
right right right hey thank you that was
actually really helpful problem uh so
yeah one of the other mechanisms is
offering the ability to trim out the
offending section so that the copyright
holders claim can be removed but that
was not given as an option instead the
entire video was pulled out even though
as far as we can tell there were only
small parts of it that were in violation
of the TOs so I would like to see in the
longer term I'd like to see YouTube
re-evaluate this system in a way that
you don't have to be a major YouTuber in
order with a with a contact at YouTube
in order to resolve something like this
in a way that isn't just the video gets
pulled down the trick there though is
building a system that doesn't enable
Bad actors so if you're the kind of
person who is uploading harmful content
let's say you are recruiting to a
terrorist organization or something like
that if they provide clear exact
timestamps for what exactly was
infringing then you are enabling those
Bad actors to trim just that little bit
and re-upload it and happily go along
their merry way yes yes everything we're
doing is fine because we used this
particular euphemism and left out that
exact word right so it's a balancing act
but I would like to see them do better
and I think other than that we can
pretty much move on subscribe to float
plane yeah oh hilarious apparently no
there are actually two official ways to
watch that video that support lonus
Media Group oh on flat plane.com yes
or hold on I'm going to find it
oh man here we go here we go someone
called it that's actually really
surprising oh bollocks I'm really s
musky good
job oh well whatever I'm not I'm not
logged in but uh can you not watch
videos unless you're logged in I have no
idea uh sure whatever what is it h can
can you do you do you have to log into
Billy Billy to watch a video now you
didn't used to yeah I know
crazy uh okay well anyway yeah our our
official Billy Billy Channel apparently
has it with Chinese subtitles so you can
you can watch it there if you really
want all
right what do you want to talk about
next that's that's the big drama topic
this week I've got something that's not
on the dock oh sure yeah hit me why
don't why don't you actually no I'll
just do it look at this okay hey LTT
labs.com what exactly is it that you
want to talk about you notice something
from the lab what is the right oh
there's a there's a feed on the right
these are blogs oh cool so we have mixed
content now so we have products on the
left and articles on the right very cool
it looks a little bit different you
still got the color coding for the
different articles and and your little
compare buttons which look all nice and
neat and all that kind of stuff but
we're trying to highlight some of the
the blogs and articles a little bit more
so I don't know check out the lab site
that's all I really have to say I think
it looks better very cool more content
there just having these uh the products
kind of grided out made it I don't know
how to describe it properly but I think
having more stuff here is good and
having the Articles listed here as well
um I think is interesting because while
you might be interested in in individual
products that are on the left I think
it's more likely that the Articles will
hit a broader range of people so yeah
Shen says I like that there's more above
the fold yeah 100% yeah 100% agreed it's
good I think it would be good very cool
good job team what do you want to talk
about next how about uh should we do the
thing we missed last week yeah sure
let's do it sure so this is honestly um
even though man this kind of stuff is
hard because it's one of those things
where there's a bit of a disconnect
between what I know cognitively and the
general sort of um state that I like to
live in where I feel like things are
most okay you know cognitively I know
how possible it is with the tools that
exist today to become a different person
online or even fabricate a person online
and and use that identity to to fool or
in many cases defraud others right I
know that we cover that stuff all the
time whether it's uh you know deep fake
technology or using llms to generate sad
stories on Facebook that send people to
gofundmes or you know whatever it is
right you can you can fabricate entire
people out of The Ether I know that but
still this read on IGN which is probably
the best piece of Journalism I've seen
from IGN in years um maybe years I I was
being nice let's go with in years sure
was chilling to read um I would strongly
encourage you guys guys I'm going to go
ahead and drop this in the float plane
chat and I'm going to ask Dan real quick
to maybe uh repeat that link and Huck it
into the YouTube and twitch chats um I
would strongly encourage you guys to go
read the whole article because we can't
get into every little detail but what I
will give you guys is a summary and
basically what it what it comes down to
is that Susan Banks who was a prominent
video game accessibility Advocate and
co-founder of the website can I play
that was was thought to have died in
2019 but the report from IGN raises
serious doubts as to whether she ever
existed at
all she was supposedly a deaf Turkish
immigrant who had worked as a model and
financial asset manager before becoming
a professor at a notable DEA University
but when IGN asked for comment the
university denied she had ever worked
there between 2015 and her apparent
death 2019 she blogged extensively and
often interacted with other Advocates
and news organizations however these
interactions were exclusively through
social media or emails which most people
attributed to her being deaf which I can
tell you from my own experience with the
deaf Community is a totally completely
normal thing for for them to prefer text
communication it's uh like my my own mom
is heart of hearing and she taught at a
school for the deaf for many years
that's the reason that I have picked up
on some American Sign Language um and so
you know I'm I'm already familiar with
the kinds of accessibility equipment
that existed before um uh before the
internet was necessarily widespread so
like we had a TTY in our house which is
essentially a a keyboard phone um and so
you you use it through like a Relay
operator to conduct phone calls or at
least you did back before you know every
brand had a had a live chat or whatever
else but you'll still find like TTY
access numbers on things like uh
government websites and things like that
um so but the point I'm trying to make
is that it really would not have raised
any kind of weird alarm Bells if someone
who is deaf or heart of hearing
preferred to communicate via text and
also preferred not to turn their camera
on
um
so moving on if banks is in fact a fake
person the most likely suspect seems to
be uh her supposed romantic partner Cody
Craven who facilitated many of her
Communications according to an associate
of Craven Craven claimed that Banks was
hospitalized after dropping a KitchenAid
mixer on her foot which resulted in the
amputation first of one leg then of the
other leg 2 days later when this
associate contacted the hospital where
Banks was recovering in order to send
flowers the hospital denied they had any
patient by that name one thing that's
interesting is like someone in FL plane
chat um posted up like privacy policies
and stuff like that I'm kind of
surprised you can just like call a
hospital and figure out if someone's
there or not no you can uh without being
having relations with that person or
anything um no you can you can
definitely do it I I had to do it a
little while ago you can definitely do
it intriguing um okay yeah I think they
kind of expect you to demonstrate a
little bit that you like know you're
talking know what you're talking about
but no it's it's definitely a thing
engineering someone said in chat yeah
true so the associate then hired a
private investigator who found no
evidence or any legal record of banks
whatsoever uh Craven meanwhile so this
was the supposed romantic partner was
apparently showered in gifts and
sympathy whenever he posted about his
partner's illness and
Recovery since announcing Banks's death
by stroke in 2019 C Craven has dated two
other surprisingly SAR deaf women whose
existence has also come into question
after being reached for comment by IGN
Craven strongly requested that the piece
not be published then began deleting all
of his social media
accounts not a good sign my notes
continue these kinds of bizarre schemes
aren't new but they're becoming easier
to pull off with modern tools in
addition to entirely AI generated
influencers there are apparently already
several fake influencers created by
stealing real influencers photos and
adding deep faked AI faces to them
however other influencers have made tons
of money off people using their own
faces but otherwise fabricating facts
about their life and circumstances
that's not really however that's an
addition to yeah we know about the fake
planes and stuff like that what was the
grift though did they make money off
this so the grift was no I believe there
was at least you got to read the whole
IGN article to find all the details but
yeah between um things like requests for
donations to help out
and and
being
an apparently sort of able-bodied person
um who could create this
Persona of someone who would have much
more credibility discussing
accessibility in gaming you can create
this uh you know you can create can I
play that you can create uh you can
create blogs you can get gig work as an
advocate you can you can create this
career
that ironically wouldn't be open to you
as an able as a completely able-bodied
person um but would be open to you as
someone who could speak authoritatively
on the challenges that you face and I
mean I think that's the thing that makes
me most sick about all of this is like
really there's there's not enough things
that you could
do that like you have to from the people
who have legitimate grievances with the
way that the gaming industry has treated
accessibility who have legitimate voices
that need to be heard in this space you
take
advantage of their plight and you profit
from it and you turn it into like a
hustle
that then
substitutes their voice for your own
like I can't I can't even begin to wrap
my head allegedly around how sick this
guy would have to be to think that that
is even remotely okay MH allegedly
allegedly none of this proven in court
but read the IGN piece it is actually
worth the click go check it out um it
is it is gross
um all right Dan what are we supposed to
talk about give us give us something
give us something better uh another
topic we've done two topics uh then we
can go straight into merch messages and
stuff if you want oh well why don't we
do Luke goes back to PS first okay the
only comment look look at how useless
the dock is here my only comment here is
Blue Water Grill is amazing so okay help
me out here I was I was going to write
more notes for it I'll just remember
everything it's fine and how'd that go
uh really well actually I remember
everything it's okay okay um except for
one extremely important detail which I
can look up you heard it from Luke I
remember everything Luke left R A 2024
uh maybe don't extend that too far yeah
for
sure um so yeah I went back to packs it
was an extremely last minute decision
like the week P I wasn't yeah I had told
people I wasn't going and then I think
it was like
days before packs I was like oh I'm
going uh I was only able to go for one
day so after W show last week lonus and
I went and looked at the Bon Center
badmington Center for a little while and
then after midnight I finally went to go
drive down to Seattle so I didn't end up
getting there until like 3: in the
morning-ish slept for oh a few hours I
guess cuz I should probably still be
down there for when the show floor opens
yeah buddy and then stayed up until I
think it was about 3:00 in the morning
again before starting to drive home nice
didn't get home until like
5ish Sunday morning and then had to go
to my niece's birthday party breakfast
which started at 9:00 nice so I had a
heck of a weekend so it was a PA weekend
it sure was nice but I was only at PX
for one day um there was this is still
zero useful context but thank you for
that delightful and heartwarming story
there
had a wonderful birthday one is I think
there we go I got little kid birthdays
are always funny to me they have no idea
what's going on I have no clue at all
yeah she okay so she's been scared of me
I'm going to tangent really hard here
for a second uh she's been scared of me
forever I don't blame her i' rather I'd
rather deal with a
bear I mean a real one my
[Music]
goodness okay
um yeah so she she's she's been I I
don't know what it is she just has
always been very standoffish of me when
I'm in person they'll put on like the
WAN show or something and she'll point
at me and know that it's me and be all
happy and when she goes to bed she'll
like say good night to everyone in the
family and she includes my name like she
seems to like me when I'm not there but
when I am actually there not so much
this time there was like
the the tables that we were at had
tablecloths that draped over and she was
sitting in in I think it was my mom's
lap who was who was sitting next to me
and I I looked at her and tried to talk
to her and she kind of stared at me for
a second and then got under the table
and then was like hello and started
replying cuz she didn't want to look at
me kids deal the sickest
Burns cuz they have no filter they just
do what they feel you know so brutal
hopefully she'll uh you know I'm sure
she'll get over it she just needs my
presence she needs to get a little
closer to your size and then she might
not feel like the tables are so
one-sided here yeah maybe that's part of
it um yeah little kid birthday parties
have always been funny to me because
like man especially with our first when
we were mostly dealing with other
firsttime parents and stuff like the
kinds of Productions that people will do
for a one-year-old or a 2-year-old's
birthday and I would always just be
looking at this going like you know they
aren't going to remember any of this and
when you try to sit them down in their
teens or 20s and show them pictures of
it they're not going to give two Hoots
because they literally won't remember
any of these people either like this is
as long as you fully recognize that this
is all for you then they would have been
just as happy with
like I was going to say some packing
peanuts to play with but at least not
without supervision um they would have
been just as happy with an empty
cardboard box to crawl around in um then
okay you do you but the amount of money
people will spend on these parties it
just blows my mind anyway I'm sure there
was chill knowing your family it was
probably fine yeah there was fine uh and
everybody had a good time it was it was
all good um but yeah I know anyway okay
rewinding for for packs yeah BL Grill
the story of okay we're not we're not at
Blue Water Grill yet the story of
getting down there is interesting
because this is important cuz I forgot
the name of the place um the story of
getting down there is interesting
because I did detail how late we got
there right so we didn't we didn't end
up getting there until almost 3: in the
morning right I I went down with with
one of my buddies that I've known since
like high school and the room that we
were supposed to get had one bed but it
also had a pullout couch so we were like
okay cool you can crash on that
um we we get to the room that we were
supposed to have there's no PO couch
Okay cool so we get checked in no PO
couch I don't really care I'm like we
can just do the over under sheet thing
I've done this a hundred times it
doesn't matter to me but he was like uh
and I was like I mean we we technically
booked room that's supposed to have this
thing we can call them and like see
maybe they have another room yeah yeah
I'm sure they had plenty of rooms I mean
it's not like it's the biggest event in
Seattle turns out well I mean they still
had tickets a couple days before the
event they didn't sell out by the way
they used to sell out like that you had
to scrape the site to be able to buy
tickets cuz they sold out so fast they
did not sell out this time oh that's
rough apparently a lot more people went
this year than last year and they're
expecting that growth to continue
because there's like this Resurgence
postco yeah that makesense um so it's
probably fine but yeah I don't I don't
know but anyways so they they okay
sounds good they switch us rooms we get
in there we take a second to properly
investigate because lo and behold it's
the same room effectively it's on a
different floor there's still no pull
out couch we don't know what's really
going on uh so we call down again it's
now been like half an hour and it's
pretty late really just want to go to
bed um but they're like we can bring you
a cot we're like okay sure the C rolls
up it takes a while but it rolls up
looks amazing it's just a full-size
mattress on a wheel frame so it's like
sick sounds good um we start going to
bed he gets inside he's like why is it
so cold and I'm like what and he gets up
and starts feeling around the whole cot
is just not the whole cot about 30% of
the cot is just soaking
wet like drenched
so we called down and we're like what
the
heck
and and uh they're like okay we can like
try to bring you another one they end up
calling us back we don't have another
one so we're like okay and they're like
well we can we can just bring you like
some extra blankets or something bring
you a hair dryer we're like sure
whatever like it's it's now been like an
hour just if you're going to do
something great if not like whatever
20 minutes later yeah it's been a long
time at this point I'm actively trying
to fall asleep I'm in bed 20 minutes
later they call back up hey we're trying
to find you a
cot just
stop at this point I don't care I gave
them like tons of bedding from the main
bed we just layered it up it was fine it
was all good in the morning I'm like can
you guys like do anything about this
about this by the way cuz that was like
we not only did we not get what we paid
for yeah I feel like someone's about to
get called out here but carry on yeah um
but also after multiple attempts of not
getting what we paid for it took over an
hour that we wanted to sleep and we
couldn't sleep and the Weston said no
they said no they said no because I
booked it through Expedia
apparently which is not
fair and I'm not going to stop because I
like Expedia personally but this is not
they don't not sponsoring us that's
garbage
so annoying I I was it was incredibly
frustrating it was a huge waste of time
literal
garbage soaking wet bed and then we went
to Blue Water Grill the reason I wanted
to call them out is because amazing
restaurant that we used to go to every
time we went to go to packs and it was
packed every time we went there you had
to wait in line to be able to order we
walked up nobody there really food still
amazing they said that there's a new
convention building so they're still
using the old one but they're also using
this new one and they said that they
think it diverted foot traffic because
now people are going not on the path now
or whatever so people are going to
restaurants that are in between the two
buildings they're not going to Blue
Water Grill Blue Water Grill is had to
pull back their hours because Pax isn't
the only convention doing this so they
used to get tons of traffic from the
convention because they're really close
to the convention center so maybe check
out Blue Water girl the food's still
amazing to make good stuff Pax itself
was fun the gaming
Halls spent about three or four hours
checking those out and then was
completely done and okay with it yeah to
be honest yeah that kind of makesense
not that interesed there's this new
theme where uh all the games are handing
out like cards with QR codes on them to
wish list their game oh okay so back in
the day you used to get like shirts and
now you just have like a stack of cards
cards H I could see people getting into
that I mean it might be more effective
for the developers and publishers so
like that's cool how about we meet in
the middle shirts with big QR codes on
them horrible free free clothes for Luke
and you get people to wish list your
game whenever you take a photo of
someone
it's that' be pretty funny actually um
there was some we should do it just like
could be the the shirt could have like a
QR code on the back of it dude I'd be so
down that' be sick um people are saying
that apparently it is standard practice
that there's nothing that they can do
when you book through third parties and
I had a similar experience that's
ridiculous
though uh okay oh you know what this
reminds me of if you sign up for a
subscription service through the Google
Play Store they like can't do anything
for you I've noticed that you have to
I've had that problem before I actually
hate that me too by the way that's
insane um but this may not be the
Weston's fault entirely they should have
dealt my my rebuttal to this
I'm not taking a side I'm not taking a
side all right all right my reut and I I
left the the lady at the counter that
said like we can't do anything I left
her alone it's not she can't do anything
about it it's not her fault to be super
clear but I don't believe that because
none of this was expedia's
fault they gave us the wrong room they
gave us the wrong room again y they gave
us a wet C and they failed to solve that
problem Expedia did none of that so like
like I'm sure there is something that
you could do and you're just trying to
get away with it that's that's how I
feel I mean at the very least what they
almost certainly could do is give you a
voucher for the hotel restaurant or
something like that something at the
very least they should be able to do
that something all right what is our
next thing Dan hit us sure let's do some
merch messages and oh sorry one last
thing about packs they did massively
expand the tabletop areas though and
those are super sick now that's pretty
cool like actually really cool they have
a huge tabletop free play area where you
can play all these different games that
people are showing off the tabletop Expo
area itself is much bigger and to be
honest I think that makes a ton of sense
because the amount of games that are
publishing demos on Steam now have
massively gone up that's great so you
could really go to the video game area
just by staying home and playing steam
demos but the tabletop stuff you can't
experience just at home home yeah so
that part was really cool Gaming's
coming full circle let's go we're going
back yeah yeah and there's some really
crazy good like the the slay the Spire
tabletop game is really highly rated the
uh Divinity tabletop game is really
highly rated I really like Co-op
tabletop games um and they had a whole
section that was just Co-op tabletop
games the whole thing was really cool
actually so I was happy to see that they
must have recognized this as well like
the gaming area is less interesting than
it used to the video gaming area is less
interesting than it used to be let's
maybe expand tabletop and the the new
convention building was like almost all
tabletop stuff which was sick anyways
that's it all right hit us Dan oh we
should explain merch messages if you
want to interact with the show the way
to do it is through a merch message we
don't do YouTube uh super chats we don't
do twitch bits we do dust thing uh we do
merch messages so all you got to do is
head over to LTT store.com and add
something to your cart you'll see a
little box pop up when we're live or you
can leave a merch merch message it'll go
to producer Dan who will reply to it
bone bomb weird reply but thanks Dan
good solid effort uh he'll forward it to
someone internally who can address your
question hold on is that like a tears of
the Kingdom oh yeah bone plus bomb Oh I
couldn't see the I couldn't see the plus
from I was like that's got to be a
gaming reference or something or he'll
curate it for me and Luke and sometimes
Dan himself to reply to so he's going to
show you a couple examples of what that
might look like uh Dan you want to hit
us with the with the merch message
what's wrong with Luke uh no sorry I
just saw something that we'll end up
talking about later in the show oh okay
oh I think Luke finally found the thing
that you guys are probably going to be
ordering sure why don't we just show
them that first I did we can go to my
screen I guess this is community
guidelines
t-shirt uh if you didn't know because
you weren't here for the beginning of
the show we got a video taken down uh
and at this point you probably do know
if you watch the L show that whenever
something unfortunate happens to us we
make a t-shirt commemorating the
occasion the community guidelines shirt
designed by the one and only Sarah but
will be available for a limited time uh
you can give us your impressions on the
design um and like all of our is there a
way to do that I actually have no idea
what they mean by that anyway like all
of our other limited edition T-shirts
this will be print to order on our
custom soft and longlasting LTT blanks
the ones that were rated so highly by
project Farm very very recently and
they'll be printed by our local printing
partner who just does such an
outstanding job of the quality that um
sometimes it takes us a long time to get
things printed because it's a small
operation and we just can't accept any
substitute at this point I think it's
really cool it almost it's yeah that's a
cool take on it I originally thought it
was just going to be the text that was
originally discussed and I was like H
this is cool it's kind of a it's kind of
a you know it's more abstract inspired
design by you know the entity that might
had something to do with this whole
controversy um if you look closely
there's no solution to that no I I got
that too you know it's hard
to it could be challenging to navigate
um you know the modern interwebs and all
of its difficulties and so it says a lot
without without having any text I think
it's great it says a lot I think that uh
I I think that Sarah did a great job
it's available now at g. g/c Community
guidelines we're going to go ahead and
throw that in the chat boom boom boom
boom and the color choice there's black
if you don't like the green there
there's black there's other color
choices there's black yep go for it guys
easy all right Dan show us how merch
messages work sure yeah I've got one
here for you lonus years ago you offered
to pay the reopening cost of an Asian
restaurant in a mall that closed you
mentioned that they footed your bill
once and won your loyalty did this ever
come to pass to be clear they credited
me they they like gave me an advance I
did reimburse them for that for that
lunch uh no I I never heard from them I
I would have loved to my offer is still
open I actually the exact place you're
talking about I actually can't remember
exactly what it was called anymore but
it was an Aberdine mall and it was just
a delicious little little F Place Basil
Leaf it was called basil leaf and they
had this this like egg jelly dessert
thing that I really hated the first time
I ate it and then now
I would
probably H if it was the only way that I
could ever get it again and if I if I
had the opportunity right now if he was
like I will make you one right now it
will cost you $50 I would probably pay
for
it I would I would probably do it
assuming it's a one-time thing like I
wouldn't buy it for $50 every day that'd
be crazy but I I think I think to have
it one more time and remember part of
this is you know just having enjoyed it
so many times it's the it's the The
Nostalgia of enjoying it again you could
think of it kind of like buying a game
that you played as a kid you'd spend way
you'd spend way more to kind of relive
that it's also just like I I still
remember the first time I ate there with
you and you got me to get the dessert
thing and you got me to eat it and I was
like this sucks and you're like yeah
you'll figure it out or whatever I don't
remember exactly what you said and and
after a while it was just like oh my
God I need more of that thing know it's
amazing uh yeah so if uh if the owner of
Basil Leaf if he's still around if this
ever makes it to him um I I would I
would be happy to help you start up
again as long as I can as long as I can
come get that dessert again and and and
and delicious soup uh and I will pay $50
for my first pudding but after that I
want to pay menu price for the rest yeah
after that after
that okay what else you got Dan uh let's
go through the rest of the announcements
and then we'll do another one of the end
announcements oh oh yeah we have a few
more announcements the Precision
screwdriver popup is tomorrow this will
be your opportunity to get hands on with
the brand new LT Precision multi-bit
screwdriver in bitset we're going to be
having testing stations where you can
feel how it Stacks up with the
competition and you'll be able to talk
to our engineering team about the driver
itself you will also be able to purchase
one of 500 limited edition numbered
Precision screwdrivers as well as some
other items from LTD
store.com
um we oh I don't want to say some of
this stuff uh but what I will say is
please don't travel to far for this
event it's probably too late to book a
flight anyway that isn't a challenge uh
we really don't have a ton of capacity
we do not have a ton of capacity so if
if you're local and you happen to need a
Precision screwdriver set hey we'll see
you tomorrow September 7th from 10:00
a.m. to 2 p.m at the lonus Media Group
studio in Siri BC you can check out our
social accounts where we'll have more
detailed information if you're swinging
by uh also the Precision screwdriver bit
set and case are releasing tomorrow if
you are not able to come to the popup oh
okay oh wow so it's going to be
available online Saturday September 7th
we've shown it off a ton on the W show
and in our videos we're really happy
with how it turned out we can't wait for
you to get your hands on it and what
time cuz are we are we waiting for
reviews to come in from the popup or
what's I think they're going live at the
same time if you want to be notified the
moment it drops to secure yours you can
sign up at lmg
Dogg
Precision pretty exciting Dan if you
want to copy that link uh we also have
an we also have an update on the
off-site laptop bag we got some feedback
about the off-site laptop bag that we
launched a few weeks past uh some
customers are incredibly happy with
purchase um another review exactly what
I expected and needed some people are
not as happy and felt like the messaging
that we had on the site didn't line up
with what they expected um so we hear
that customers were disappointed with
their purchase so we've taken it down
from the website while we do an update
to some of the messaging to clear up
some things about the B's capacity both
in the description and in photos as
always if you're unhappy with your
purchase reach out to support and trust
me bro we're going to do everything we
can to make it right that is something
we've always been consistent about um if
you are wondering by the way we are
going to have it available at the popup
it's it's not a quality issue it's an
expectation management issue so uh I had
no qualms telling the team yeah go ahead
have it available at the popup because
if people can see it in person then
there's going to be no misund
understanding and no um yeah no no false
expectation or anything it'll it'll be
what it is it'll be right there so they
can buy it or not buy
it the last thing uh is hey scrapyard
War season 9 thanks to everyone who
watched thanks to everyone who joined
float plane to watch the extras and
behind the scenes Jawa has picked the
winners of the grand prizes the rigs we
built this season with both of our
signatures on each of them are going to
Marcus R from Texas who won
the okay system from Team Duke and Diego
V from color W the cheater system from
won the amazing build from Team old man
be not actually winners yeah you know we
won uhuh you know we won cheated you
know we won you cheated I didn't cheat
you did tell me how I cheated uh having
the person that you pay collaborate with
you on cheating doesn't make it not
cheating sorry what what are you even
talking about be able to go over budget
be I didn't go over budget you did I
never went over budget you did
temporarily no no no no no the money
hadn't left my wallet no still counts if
if you buy something align with a credit
card that money is out of your account
it is not yes it is it actually isn't it
is though it isn't if you place a
purchase if you place a purchase it is
on your credit card which you can pay in
30 days with money from your account so
you're still over Bud debit card comes
out of your account immediately why
would debit card Visa pays for it for
you yes they do yes they
do account congratulations to the
winners and a big thank you to Java for
partnering
with us this season we'll have a link in
the description where you can check them
out LC is going to destroy one of the
computers now dude it's going to go kick
it over they're just to your is it just
to your right oh yeah there they are I
for what you guys did that I saw I think
it was in part to that was extremely
questionable yeah no no no I saw you
guys pull some look at him right now he
knows look is a Flawless person who also
didn't cheat at all never what was it
nothing we didn't go budget no I no no I
know that no no no was all it was your
SSD
nonsense dude the fact that the fact
that you guys got to sub out a better
SSD oh yeah but yours didn't even wasn't
even going to work highly yes it was
which is why we were allowed to do that
by the way no way no way mine would have
capacity so they never that was never a
requirement he said it was for us yeah
but he didn't tell me yeah well so if I
don't know I don't know maybe the guy
that you paid was letting you cheat oh
come on cuz in the past we would have
had to go back and forth on on any rule
bending oh that is such oh that is such
a load of crap it's unfortunate uh that
your win is illegitimate but don't make
me call David don't make me call David
me you can call that guy that you pay to
make up rules and let you cheat as much
as you want you are going to bmer the
good reputation of one David go oh no
it's not his fault wow you got to do
what you got to do to get to you know oh
man you got to do what you got to do he
told me in a in a post event interview
that he likes cheating which is why he
allowed it to happen allowed what to
happen you're cheating I didn't cheat
you did cheat I didn't cheat you did
cheat you know what we will let you guys
be the judge have to
watch the real ulterior
motive no I'm very angry yeah I see that
um we will let you guys be the judge
because there is a Tracker throughout I
believe Parts two to four
of our of our existing balances so we'll
let you guys de Does it include when you
uh it includes everything spent money on
your credit card it includes everything
Does it include you going over the
budget when you spent money on your
credit card it includes everything do
you go into the negatives when that
happens it includes everything Luke does
it show that it it shows everything it
shows everything people are asking for a
poll they want a poll I think Luke
regrets not doing the same Strat no on
camera Elijah asks if we can do the same
Strat and I say no cuz that would be too
much cheating no it's it's not cheating
unfortunately it is it's not cheating
yeah it's not well we'll let the people
we'll let the people we'll let the
people who watch be the judge I think
he's just I think he's
actually he's lashing out I'm extremely
angry because what he's really upset
about
is his
teammate choosing the worst possible
Benchmark and bunking up the overclock
see we've done to the root of the issue
no no dude Luke's a team player okay
Luke would defend a teammate to the
death no matter how wrong they were mhm
so Luke has to attack me but what he's
really salty about what he's really
salty
about wow it seems like that uh that
pole is saying that you cheat it's it's
great having the dude the fact that only
60% of them are siding with you means
that I won no dude no not all always
side with you it looks like the next
polls results are definitely yes as well
they all cheated
110% look at this you guys look at this
glory to the
motherland they've got two they've got
two polls regular pole no no that's fine
they can see it regular pole and
nonbiased pole did you really spell pole
wrong dang it and we're professionals
here well maybe uh maybe Luke isy cuz he
cheated oh man yep professional
Integrity speaking of issues with the
last scrapyard Wars where the heck is my
trophy oh well you don't deserve one we
didn't do trophies this year what we
didn't do trophies this year you guess
maybe David preemptively knew that he
was going to allow you to cheat so I'm
I'm going to I'm going to let you guys
watch I'm going to let you guys watch
the series it's actually actually I
think watching through it's the best one
ever I I have too much like personal
attachment to season 4
yeah really but this it's it's
absolutely
incredible team did a great job I if I
if I had if I was purely a viewer and I
had to side by side one this one's
probably better but just I have just
working with Rod and the stuff we're
able to do in season 4 and stuff was
just like Bob and Rod are such
characters yeah it was pretty amazing
the experience of season 4 looked so
good honestly I I love having a teammate
sort of regardless um and for me scrap
Wars is more fun even though it was
really different
um I equally enjoyed working with Bob
and working with Sammy even though in
the case of of the fourth scrapyard Wars
uh you know Bob's expertise was
obviously way more applicable to what we
were trying to do like modded system the
desk but
the setup stuff yes which ended up
contributing in a big way but in terms
of like which one was more helpful
minute to minute you know I couldn't I
couldn't just sick Sammy at like okay go
do that and then I can completely tune
out but I actually really enjoyed the
different perspective compared to
working with someone way more likeminded
like a bob and Rod where their interests
are all like the overlap with mine is a
perfect circle whereas having Sammy who
is very different from me provide that
very different perspective and that very
different skill set was a ton of fun and
I think what I would like to if we were
to ever do scrapyard Wars again I think
I would like to try to capture that
again having like you know like an Odd
Couple VI contrast on the teams on the
teams yeah exactly that's an interesting
idea there's a reason they do that in
reality TV it's not an accident I have I
I feel like you probably feel the same
way I suspect even when you don't have a
team teate you end up like somewhat
forming a team using the like
cameraa so like because you like you
need you're going through so much crazy
crap SC Wars is genuinely an insane
experience to film yeah we all end up
super invested every time they're like
they're like behind the camera like
they're basically end up like fighting
each other because like the the hosts
are like fighting each other and the
camera operators are like getting in on
it it's fantastic it's very uh it's a
little tribal um
but it's it's kind of easier when your
teammate is actually involved with the
challenges and not just trying to
capture the challenges to in order to
have that bonding
stuff T ofun but uh ton of fun yeah it
was great you should watch it are we
doing the thing the allinone video thing
all Scrappy do in one video oh yeah that
was something we were going to kind of
prime you guys for we're not really sure
we've never really done this sort of
thing before but like a compilation
video um lots of channels do it like big
channels small channels they'll put
together a bunch of projects like kids
channels will do this all the time
they'll have like like three hours of
just their videos just cut together and
uploaded as one particularly effective
on kids channels but I do see other
channels do it as well but should we
just cut together the entire scrapyard
Wars 9 and just upload it as a video I
don't think it would perform well out of
the gate but that kind of mega long form
content it would be almost 2 hours with
with all four pieces can do really well
on the channel are you guys going to be
like mad if we upload that or is that is
that chill are we good it's a bit of a
gamble um I would be very interested
like I I almost want us to do it just
for the science DVD box set that is we
actually talked about it before doing
like a director's commentary like
Blu-ray remember that we I think we
almost cuz it was for we talked about
doing it on vessel yeah
as like a as like an exclusive and then
we just like never because I oh this is
all coming back C stuff no we we wanted
to do it because we were like oh we
could do that as like a as like a
virtual Blu-ray and and you could like
buy it and it was around the time we did
the Christmas album I think as we were
experimenting with like digital releases
but like like traditional media releases
this is back when more people had like
yeah Blu-ray players and St like people
bought PlayStation because they wanted
the Blu-ray player more playst it was a
different time it was a very different
time um but it's it's an interesting
discussion I I don't know I'm I'm very
I'm not saying that we should do it
necessarily but I'm very interested in
us doing it just for the science more
than anything so I want to see what it
does to the channel um I still think I
understand it's not Clips but I think
it's a good channel to use for it but I
think the previous Seasons should go up
as compilations on lmg clips
I'm still I still think that would be
cool I pitched um as my sort of maybe
solution that we do all the seasons on
Linus Tech tips but we upload them like
all at the same time so we basically
kill any uh notification viewership on
them and we just let them
algorithmically just boil over time go
out there and see what happens cuz
there's a lot of videos that we have by
accident released with a very very small
initial subscriber push uh one of them
is like a weird controller video where
someone accidentally ticked unticked
notify subscribers oh no um another one
is one where we went live multiple times
because of errors in the Stream the
previous day and we had used up our
allotment of notifications so like a
Saturday morning video that didn't get a
notification like there's been times
when it's happened and in the end it
mostly comes out in the wash and they
they tend to do okay as long as they're
good content and the retention is good I
know of a channel I don't want to I
don't want to dunk on them they're a
friend um but I know of a channel that
uh hey I see did
this and you can see the view impact on
a lot of them which was a dump from
another platform and usually they get
like these numbers and it it some of
them ended up doing okay in the long run
but the majority of them but give them
time let them cook that's a couple
months ago when I say in the long term I
mean over a couple of years big long
term okay yeah like videos that go
they'll go another interesting variable
to try to keep in mind here but it's
going to be tough is the impact of this
on the individual uploads from the past
I CU like are you just cannibalizing
those views or are you getting new views
I would suspect it's going to be and I
mean this is pure speculation but I
would suspect that it would be mostly
net new and the reason I say that is
because the YouTube audience is
unfathomably big I think that we we
think of ourselves as sort of
understanding the size of it we
don't understand the size of it I mean
look at what's been happening with
Cristiano
Ronaldo the idea that 50 million people
could be subscribing to him in a span of
how many days was it I don't know soccer
player no I know who it is did they
start a YouTube channel yeah he started
a YouTube channel do you mean
football oh two death looks that's crazy
um yeah so he's up to 58 million he
started a couple days
ago wa so that should give you some idea
oh dude he's killing it that should give
you some idea dude it's not a few days
ago it's a couple weeks ago whatever the
point is the point is that the audience
is huge the appetite for content is huge
the number many people you think like I
used to always tell you like we're going
to reach a saturation there's no way you
can get more than 100,000 views on a
video about a hard drive there's no way
you can get more than 250,000 views on a
video about a a CPU there's no way like
I've been saying this over and over and
over again and then at some point you
might have noticed I stopped saying it
because the audience is unlimited as
long as you're passionate about what
you're talking about as long as you can
make it engaging and entertaining you
can make a video about anything and you
can get millions and millions and
millions of people who are into it I
mean our biggest video ever our most
viewed video ever is building a PC using
onlywish decom all I do is build a
computer that's our biggest ever now if
you had asked me if you had asked me
it's a really funny video have you ever
watched it R fire truck it's really
funny Tru video Bring It Back the point
is if you had asked me when I started
the channel back when a huge YouTube
channel might have a 100,000 subscribers
right if you had asked me could there
possibly even be 23 million people on
Earth who would sit and watch a video
about building a computer I'd have
thought you were high like your guess is
high I I would never accuse someone of
of partaking of of course not I just
could you I would have thought something
like that to be un fathomable right um
but it absolutely is fathomable it's
fully fathomable and so I forget what
point I'm trying to make right now but
the audience is enormous don't
underestimate it hey how to build a PC
the last guy you'll ever need didn't
that do poorly when it first launched
yeah 11 million views yeah D yeah well
that's the thing it's cooking dude you
gotta you gotta you got to understand
what you're uploading you got to know
okay is this a slow burn or is this is
something that's going to be a a short
and bright burn and then just fade into
nothing and there's there's both of
those and there's everything in between
um in fact we how to build a PC hold on
to PC we've actually uploaded to how to
build a PC the last guides you'll ever
needs and you can actually see if you
look at the analytics here on the more
recent one which is updated like it's an
updated version so if we dig
look at this garbage garbage performance
in the first days never stops 533,000
views and like you'll get remember that
time you uploaded that video how to
basics uh how to install a GPU yeah yeah
I'll go find it I'll go find it after
this um it did horrible out of the gate
we got horrible people were mad they
were so mad that we would upload a video
that was so basic just how to install a
GPU
Furious we'll get back to that but first
this one you can see abute dog crap
oh it goes into the typical band and
escape velocity let's go because it's a
different kind of content it's designed
for a different kind of Engagement where
people are being served this video
because it is an incredible
resource and it is the We Believe
Ultimate Guide to research sear in
learning how to spec how to understand
what you're doing and ultimately how to
build a PC Sebastian from the creative
Warehouse engineering team said that you
can see on the old one when the second
one was uploaded looking at its
analytics oh yeah that that's makes a
lot of sense but is super interesting
that totally makes sense here we'll
we'll play uh dig around in the
dashboard with lonus here uh yep
okay uh yeah yeah makes sense that it
would flatten out a little bit yeah but
you can see actually if we go get some
views there's no there used to be a
really easy way to zoom in there was a
little interface down at the bottom
where you could just kind of drag the
window for what period you want to look
at is it a drag select like can you can
you click on the thing and then drag it
across and then unclick and no no no
they just took away that and I keep
every time they ask me hey what features
do you want to see in the dashboard I
tell them that not less features would
be nice and every time they just don't
do that which is um well as a as a
person guys I know that I can key in a
custom value but it's tedious as a
person who runs a development team with
people who ask them for features 100% of
the time I can sympathize but also we
don't have the people and resources that
they have yeah they're literal Google
and it's a feature that they used to
have just don't take it
out okay uh this one is a little less
obvious because I think they've actually
changed the
interface um or rather they've changed
the way they collect the data with old
uh with old videos so you can see it's
just showing it's just showing daily
views for whatever reason um and I think
I have to I think I have to go into
advanced mode in order to see the the
lifetime thing
so yeah like this is clearly clearly not
helpful but the point is that it started
with really really poor um poor stats
you can see it recovered somewhat not
entirely but people were freaking
freaking angry genuinely furious at
about this one they were really I
remember correct I would check the check
the comments now cuz the top voted
comment when this first released was
just like rage uh oh the comments are
probably fine now probably instructions
unclear jammed GPU into RAM slot now
have gddr5
Ram heck yeah was expecting eggs and
disgusting things happen
yeah it was kind of a play on howto
basic it was like how to basics but it
was like real Basics yeah um yeah like
this is this is all fine yeah it was
rage back in the day
um yeah well look at look at me replying
to
comments wow
yep
anyway oh this is great this is amazing
what a great insightful comment rather
touchy audience you've built here great
video like
Yeah the more things change the more
they stay the same appreciate you all
really
do oh what are we supposed to be doing
Dan I got one more merch message for you
and then we'll move on to some more
topics did they know it was going to get
worse sorry I keep going lies continue
love you hey hey low density lipo
protein disorderly in
BL hello low density lipoprotein did
yall get access to the 7600 x3d what do
you all think of it being a Microcenter
exclusive um I did actually have our our
CEO Taran who is down in California
right now ask if uh we wanted one and I
basically said I I don't I would like to
give Luke some time to work with the
lab's team and get our processes in
order before we tackle any benchmarking
videos other than the ones that we need
to this is such a low impact product
because it's exclusive to exus one US
retailer um that I don't think it's
necessarily relevant to the broader
audience and I'm sure there are going to
be folks out there that are going to
cover it sufficiently I just didn't feel
like we needed to throw our voice into
this one yeah I agree um um do do you
think this is just like a weird binning
thing where they just had a bunch of CPS
they didn't really know what to do with
so they were like uh almost certainly
this is going to be the leftovers of Dy
that didn't manage to make the cut for
any other 3D vcash Pro um product yeah
and they have so many of them that it
would be wasteful to throw them away but
not so many of them uh that they can
justify a broader release of the product
and guarantee that they're going to have
any kind of ongoing supply of it um that
they wouldn't have to then Salvage from
higher tier products so the way it used
to work is that if you had a lower tier
product like 7600 x3d you would release
that and then if someone wanted to buy a
7600 X 3D but you didn't have enough
dies that failed to be a 7800x 3D you
would just take 7800x 3DS and you would
fuse off some of it and you would just
sell it as a 7600 X 3D but they just
don't really um do that anymore because
capitalism
basically um and In fairness to
companies like AMD I I suspect that
times are a little bit tighter um there
have been certainly everybody right now
there have certainly been plentiful
times uh for the IT industry but right
now it Wafers cost more than they ever
have um getting the most out of out of
every die is is definitely something
that at the very least your shareholders
want to see
um and so it's disappointing to me that
we can't continue to just kind of you
know I don't know yeah sell a 7800 X 3D
as a 7600 X 3D and just kind of eat the
margin on it in order to serve that
lower Budget customer right because at
the end of the day that that is how many
lowbudget chips existed in the past was
them blending the costs on these
products and basically going okay as
long as we don't sell too many of these
and we position them we we cut them down
enough ER that they're not too enticing
we can continue to sell the higher-end
one we can make a we can make a
profitable model out of this and those
are still there they're still available
as a budget option that just doesn't
really exist anymore and and I do think
that this product would C would um not
suffocate would um cannibalize the 7800
x3d in a big enough way that if they
released it broadly they would
effectively be discounting those dies
that they could have sold as 7800 x3d so
this is a long and convoluted way of
saying I don't like it I get it um
congrats to anyone who lives near enough
to a Micro Center that they can go pick
up one of these because it looks like an
outstanding gaming chip for a pretty
decent price I I don't love it but I
don't think I would do anything else if
I was AMD really like it it makes sense
it just kind of sucks if you if it is
the thing that you would want to get and
you can't reasonably get it um I have a
really random aside I saw someone say I
live really close to two microcenters
lfg let's go yeah basically with a
little F in the middle there um that
acronym confused me for a little while
because on certain sentences that I saw
it being used with it like could have
been looking for group um and I was like
okay what this only like sort of makes
sense like it barely makes sense and
then I finally figured out that it was
let's go with an F in the middle took me
a little while to realize people weren't
talking about American sign
language that's pretty good you want to
know one that still screws me up a
little bit yeah ofc of course I very
legitimately thought it was of with an F
word in the middle course for a long
time really thought people were like
really upset or angry when they were
using
it and after like quite a while I think
I I think I heard someone else reading
it out loud and they said of course and
I was like oh yeah no it's it's not
aggro I thought it was like super aggro
for years yeah there's people
saying yeah I thought it was that but
apparently it's not a lot of people
don't use they use it as of course yeah
and it's it's a super weird one to me
because most of the time that's not how
that works yeah so I I re like I I man
and like I used it that way for for a
long
time and I don't think people
necessarily understood that I like yeah
it was you know there's a little bit
more emphasis behind it um oh that's
great my my probably and I still read it
that way and then have to like mentally
correct and keep going my personal
favorite is that Dennis for the longest
time thought ft meant Taiwan so he would
just see it all over the place be like
why do people hate Taiwan so much EVGA
had FTW cards back in the day that must
been really awkward yeah oh boy amazing
love that guy um all right acronyms what
are we supposed to be doing Dan topics
keep us on keep us on track here what
else do we got up here gdpr is a service
what oh my goodness this is going to
make you so mad oh boy multiple sources
have noted a general rise in consent or
pay gdpr popups AKA cookie
walls these popups instead of offering
the option to accept or decline cookies
offer only the option to accept cookies
or pay a fee of or a subscription this
would on face value appear to violate
the text of the eu's general data
protection regulation which requires
consent to be explicitly requested
easily withdrawn and freely given freely
given quotes with an equivalent method
of accessing the content without
accepting any kind of
tracking however this year the Spanish
data Protection Agency released a use
guideline for cookies that clarified
that this alternative did not
necessarily have to be free of charge
this seems to have made several
companies much Bolder in offering
expensive subscription Alternatives that
casual browsers are unlikely to pay it's
unclear at this point whether the rest
of the EU will support this
interpretation
what the heck are you doing oh sorry
sorry sorry I the Guardians is not one
of those sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
they have a really really big cookie
popup but it does not actually prevent
you from accessing the site did you say
the guardians or did I say the I no I I
I I brought up a thing um they just they
just get really sad about it when you
don't uh accept cookies oh yeah so yep
that no no no hold on uh let's if you
guys can think of an example of one that
actually prevent you from accessing it I
don't personally know of one yes and in
theat I've seen it I've come across it
clicking things in my Google news feed
like I just can't click through to it
unless I accept cookies they're like you
can either pay or you
can um or you can accept cookies if you
say no I don't accept cookies they just
are like okay see you
later I don't
know oh I think we're about to get a hot
take folks Maybe
as a as a website
owner obviously I don't want to do this
but it I I feel like is is it not up to
the website owner to decide how people
interact with the website and this is
transparent in that form you're telling
people you have the option to just not
go to the website it's not life or death
to go to this website or not you
do it sucks but I'm just going to leave
your website and go somewhere else
so interesting I don't
know I don't think this is what the EU
had in mind with
gdpr I think that what they had in mind
was um transparency around cookies and
otherwise being unimpeded I think that's
why it doesn't bother me that much is I
still prefer this over what we had in
the past I don't want people just
forcing
cookies um so if you're like hey I would
rather you either aren't on my website
you have cookies or you're paying to be
here I and I have the choice to just be
like well then I'm just not going to be
on your website that sounds like a
exchange to me that's going to bother
some people I'm sure here's an example
somebody found one
okay can I go to Luke's laptop I I might
take him up on that uh yeah I think you
can okay here we go there we go read
with advertising or subscribe Yep this
is it this is the one thank you very
much for the link Ivan B in float plane
chat this is a perfect
example here you are agreeing to get a
bunch of ads I mean In fairness to your
take even though that may be a somewhat
unpopular take with some people oh yeah
In fairness to your take this is very
transparent yeah my biggest thing is I
need it to be transparent that's that
was my issue with cookies forever is so
many people didn't know that they were
being tracked so many people didn't know
I guarantee you now a huge percentage of
people don't realize that they're being
tracked that advertisements are being
pointed directly towards them based on
their own data all this other type of
stuff um I'm going to blow your mind
some people like
it yeah
that I I believe you I know I know
you're correct I have literally seen
people complain
earnestly like not just trolling
complain about getting irrelevant ads
they're like I use ads to like find
interesting things to buy this is the
like this is
the we were talking the other day about
um I was watching a a live stream for
stormgate and this is not this is not a
gain stormgate at all to be clear but
there was a like dog style combat unit
on the screen
and the twitch chat blew up talking
about how they wanted to buy they wanted
to buy all these different skins for the
dog unit and I'm
like like what happened to Gamers I
don't I don't get it I'm
not is it me or is it the kids or
whatever however that quotes goes um but
yeah this is this is one of those
situations where like I'm at least happy
that this wall is here and if I'm I'm
the host of this website and it's like
you know I don't want to have people on
my website that aren't either paying or
uh sharing their data with apparently
Partners um then yeah I mean I think
that's fine your website's going to get
a lot less traffic you're probably never
going to go viral or pop off or any of
those types of things but that's the
decision that you're making as a web
host I don't know I don't think it's
going to go well for you but it it feels
like to me like it's something that you
should be able to do um if you uh if you
hate people trying to buy skins for the
dog don't watch Elijah's ultimate Tech
upgrade all right I will not do that I
uh I spent a not insignificant amount of
it and our lunch we we headed to 7 Oaks
mall for a crew lunch um trying to
convince him to sell his uh well what's
the
forget what they're called not OS the
other one the more popular one I don't
know dude the the little fig things yeah
yeah yeah yeah sure I have no shoot
whatever Funko funkos Funko Pops po yeah
yeah I spent a not insignificant amount
of it trying to convince him to sell his
collection of Funko Pops yeah cuz he has
like a genuinely insane amount doesn't
he in the video in the video he says
yeah if I sold them all I could probably
be completely out of
debt yeah that was that was the look on
my face doesn't he whoa no no okay I I
don't think he was necessarily including
like a mortgage okay but like no like
like the worst kind of debt he has
credit card debt I don't know if it's
credit
card okay don't if you're sitting on
that oh I don't know if it's student
loans or credit card uh now I didn't
even watch it and You' bothered me so
much okay
student loans okay it could be student
loans that's way more reasonable it
could be anything let's assume it's not
credit card let's assume it's not let's
assume it's not cool but if you have any
kind of debt other than a mortgage
totally um and you have something of
significant value guys you are going to
be blown away by the sheer by the sheer
volume of plastic in Elijah's
home um o interesting does this make do
do I suck cuz if it was Lego I probably
wouldn't judge as much yeah does that
make me suck probably yeah a little bit
yeah okay yeah I'll take that sure yep
yeah no and and and to be clear like I I
I fully acknowledged to him that there
have been things that I have collected I
forget what the example I gave him was
you got Lego you got nice Lego yeah I've
got and stuff I will tell you this I
didn't have any Lego until oh yeah my
house was paid off so yeah there's that
um but I definitely I definitely had a
nice computer um we are I'm saying we
because you are in this category even
though I always get called out for it
which is fair but you are also in this
category we are both very cheap you
don't get to completely squirm away from
this one
no I I've never denied it and and and as
as the company has grown my my mentality
around it has changed a lot yes like
I I still don't like wasting money I
hate I would I would rather spend
$110,000 than waste $10 if you if you
know what I mean like wisely spend
10,000 than than waste 10 yes
um yeah but uh but no I I was still able
to come up with something that I that I
collected and there there were
definitely impractical purchases I made
looking back buying designer breed cats
was like the stupidest thing ever I I
wouldn't do that again in fact I don't
the our last four cats literally were
rescu them from outside your house
scavenged from our yard because they
were little kittens and they were going
to die and then scavenged from the shed
of our neighbor's friend cuz they were
little kittens and they were had no home
like that's where you should get a cat
from like I I have made mistakes um sure
we all do yeah but I just you know it is
very it it is it it was a very painful
theme for me to be surrounded by so
much value of stuff when they're are
clearly higher priorities but you know
what the thing is that to each their own
at the same time if you enjoy something
if if it if it genu see I think my
biggest problem with it is I cannot
relate to it genuinely bringing me any
form of happiness at all if it brings
him happiness if he thinks it's
genuinely worth it all that kind of
stuff you know what
go to town okay it's just I'm just
personally not into it what if it
genuinely gives people happiness to put
a Dal skin stupid on that dog
skins what if it genuinely gives them
happiness I
still it's it's like that thing where
like I'll I'll I'll fight for your right
to have an opinion that I don't agree
with it's like that kind of a thing like
sure dude do whatever if it makes you
happy I don't think it's
and when I see if I see you running
around in a video game with like a $400
skin I'm going to
laugh but I'm going to defend my right
to laugh at it too like it's but you
know what if if it genuinely makes you
happy that shouldn't bother you who
cares what I think well except that it
it does impact you because it has
changed the entire calculus that game
developers use to develop their product
yeah cuz like Funko Pops haven't changed
anything for me no they're just random
plastic that peopley maybe that is why
yeah yeah good job yeah cuz that sucks
and it hasn't infested everything yep
and Elijah made some aot of stuff Elijah
made some wise choices most of his
upgrade was really centered around his
streaming setup and he's apparently
averaging about 80 concurrence now which
is growing which is something that
doesn't maybe sound like a lot if you
compare it to the lik of summit or
whatever it's a lot when you compare it
to grinding at one viewer zero millions
of people that are streaming to nobody
I'm pretty sure genuinely having 80
viewers puts him in like probably top 1%
or less oh he he memes now because I
think it's above six he's in he's in the
top. 3% on the platform now yeah yeah
like six viewers is top 1% oh that's
what you're saying yeah yeah no he's
he's he's up there in the best and so
he's actually so I was very encouraging
of like anything he was doing to improve
the stream yeah that's cool except and
he cares about it a lot I know that part
except I found a box of model rocket
engines
oh yeah the face you're making tells me
you don't know what he's planning to do
with it
oh he apparently already tried this
once where he tried to do a rocket
assisted
punch using 3D printed like gauntlets
and burned his
arm I tried to confiscate them Colin
wouldn't let me I mean he can't like
steal things from his house well I told
him I'd pay for them okay that's a
that's an ethical but I didn't want him
to have them yeah cuz I think he's going
to do it again you shouldn't have paid
for them though cuz then he's just going
to buy
more that's not very
effective you should have just stole
them
the ethical thing would have been theft
I think I think you're actually right I
think the I think the ethical thing to
do would have been to steal them yeah I
could still do it I mean I know where he
lives now yeah we're going to have to do
that I think okay you're gonna have to
get yeah I it's the right thing to do
sometimes theft is is actually the
answer
yeah I told him you can watch eyes show
speed you can enjoy eyes show speed
don't try to jump
don't model your life after I show
speech yeah when he set his house on
fire it was fake wasn't it I know kaats
was I don't know don't set your house on
fire yeah don't set your house on fire
wait he didn't do it inside did he the
rocket punch I don't know okay I don't
know he just shouldn't do it at all you
never really
know look Elijah's precious and we must
protect him at all costs even the cost
of stealing his
things oh speaking of costs it costs a
lot to sponsor this show yeah the show
is brought to you today by LG do you not
lift like
Dennis thanks to our sponsor LG you
don't have to at
all the gr Pro 17 in is thin and weighs
just over 3 lb about the same as four to
five medium
bananas but don't let its lightweight
design fool you it delivers top-notch
performance with color performance
covering up to 99% of the DCI P3 color
gamut and variable refresh rate of up to
144 Herz LG also recently announced at
epha that their LG gr will be part of
the Intel lunar Lake launch this will
make the LG gaham 16 Pro the First on
device AI laptop from the gram Series
this new CPU will offer up to 48 neural
processing units neural Processing Unit
ter operations per second and you can
stay tuned for more updates on the
launch later this year but if you want
to grab your gram today because none of
the AI stuff means anything to you you
can check it out at lgw room.com or at
the link in the video description you
might have noticed we're actually using
lgrs on the show and the displays do in
fact look
beautiful speaking of building things
that are beautiful the show is brought
to you by
Squarespace imagine starting a Badminton
Center and already dealing with a ton of
headaches oh man I haven't even told you
guys about the latest headaches only to
come home and still have to code a
website for your business what am I
looking at
here our sponsor Squarespace makes
building a website easy thanks to
Squarespace blueprint a tool designed to
give you great layouts and styling
options so your website is optimized on
every device it is now easier than ever
they also have integrated and optimized
SEO tools that help your site rank
higher in search results and if you plan
on selling products Squarespace makes
checkout seamless with simple yet
powerful payment tools they accept
credit cards PayPal and even Apple pay
to give your customers flexibility and
we love Squarespace so much we even use
it for our Linus Media Group website so
don't wait start building your website
today and get 10% off your first
purchase by visiting squarespace.com
when finally the show is brought to you
by one password imagine your customer
security like a college campus quad the
nice brick paths represent company-owned
devices it approved apps and managed
employee identities the shortcuts
through the grass symbolize unmanaged
devices Shadow it apps and non-employee
identities like
Colton most security tools only work on
the brick paths but many issues arise on
the shortcuts that's where our sponsor
one password extended access management
comes in it brings all those unmanaged
devices apps and identities under
control ensuring strong and protected
user credentials they address issues
that traditional IM and MDM can't handle
and it's available for companies with
Oka and coming later this year to Google
workspace and Microsoft entra check it
out at onep password.com
wow all right Dan why don't you hit us
with some merchandise massages oh okay
okay okay I so massages for you hi lldd
recently a DLC for oh yeah sorry uh hi
lldd recently a DLC for risk of rain 2
came out that brought a lot of bugs and
tarnished the game after the co hoop
sold to gearbox do devs that sold their
IP deserve money for their game being
defamed uh no I mean yeah once you sell
it like it's it's kind of like this is
why when George Lucas whines about what
Disney did to Star Wars it's like first
of all look in the mirror brother and
second of all you sold it I don't really
um
do devs that sold their IP deserve money
for their game being like kind of
screwed up yeah no once you sell it you
give up control and this is why uh you
didn't sell lus Media Group well not why
it was part of why like it's you you're
relinquishing everything when you sell
it that's the whole point you don't get
to you don't get to get your cake and
eat it
too yeah um it's not yours anymore yeah
so sorry I realized I was miked there
cuz I was eating a bite of my pizza
um I was saying it's kind of like you
know George Lucas whining about what
Disney did to Star Wars first of all
look in the mirror buddy and second of
all um look at you sold it yeah you sold
it yeah well yeah there's a lot to
unwrap there that's a that's a deep
Rabbit Hole you won't be able to look at
him very easily
today
oh oh my I mean shovels exist oh my if
that's even what happened nobody knows
um but yeah I don't know like it that
sucks I didn't kill himself I feel bad
for them uh but at the same time you
sold right like it's that's what happens
when you sell it's not yours anymore and
your customers have every right to be
angry at you for selling out cuz that's
literally the definition of selling out
and they can also be angry at the
company that ruined it yep they can be
angry in general because this is
something that they loved there's
nothing that they can really like do
about it it is what it is but they can
be mad absolutely yep it's all it's all
part of it I responsible big and small
one there was once a time with you're
responsible I don't know you get the
responsible one I I they don't know me
at all we're only described by size and
you get responsible maybe they don't
know how how sized I am or maybe H I
don't know I feel like they probably
do they're wrong anyways we can keep
going uh there was once that time with
desktop CPUs and laptops but due to
Intel having only two gens per socket it
didn't make any sense why do you think
we never saw that for am4 all right I
think you may have your wires crossed a
little bit there was a time with
socketed laptop processors back in the
day um and you could make the argument
that part of the problem was that Intel
would only support a
particular platform with new CPUs for
one or two two generations um but the
real issue was that the volume of those
laptops that were sold were so little
that even with multiple generations of
CPUs going into them you couldn't move
enough of them to justify the R&D that
it would cost to create
them now that's separate from the Once
Upon a Time of desktop CPUs and laptops
that absolutely exists today and
absolutely did exist for am4 uh
desktop processor laptop uh Cleo is a
company that does all kinds of wild
stuff and here you go this is from two
years ago uh the xmg Apex 1550 Max with
b550 chipset am4 socket and RTX 3060
here's here's a thing uh oh wait this is
just a German translation the point is
xmg is just a like a a dealer for Cleo
and and uh man some of the other ones
don't spring to mind right now but clo
in particular has done a lot of desktop
CPU laptops and they they definitely
have existed for am4 I'm not sure if
anyone's done an am5
one I I'm not aware of any but I I
wouldn't put it I wouldn't put it Beyond
anybody no I haven't actually I I don't
I don't immediately see any there's also
not that much of a point these days like
the mobile Zen 5 stuff is really really
good and most of the benefit of these
desktop chips is having a higher power
envelope but these mobile chips are the
desktop chips are coming down in the
amount of power that they need anyway
and these mobile chips are able to Turbo
a core or two cores up to frequencies
that are on par almost in many cases
with these desktop chips and most of the
loads that most people are yeah most of
the loads that most people are using on
a laptop are only going to take
advantage of a couple of cores running
Peak turbo anyway so it's there's just
not much of a benefit these days and
it's hard to create an attractive design
that has to deal with all that heat when
you're going up against products that
are honestly pretty competitive anyway
and are like this
thin okay and last one for now hey dll
uh you never mentioned what part failed
on the lowest rated PC I'm really
curious what died we still don't know uh
we didn't really invest a bunch of time
in figuring it out because we just
didn't really care I mean the whole
point of that video was we bought the
worst stuff that in many cases was
really low rated because of its high
probability of failure and faed and then
it failed what all of them no way so
we're just we're just looking around
like okay well it's dead now um we've
made our video I don't really see what
else there is to we made our point
so no further testing required I mean
this is the thing that uh I feel like
has been controversial at some point in
the past but once you know a certain
amount about a product I remember this
coming up when we did our um I'm going
to go outside you guys I don't what you
guys think I'm talking about but we did
our true wireless headphones up okay
yeah that makes sense yeah um when we
did our true wireless headphones Roundup
way back in the day uh one of the
initial uh categories or one of the
initial evaluation criteria was Comfort
because from point of view it could
sound like God's lips Whispering into
your ears but if it sucks to wear but if
it was extremely uncomfortable we
weren't going to recommend it so some
people took issue with that particular
uh conclusion because to them um comfor
about the audio quality was not
important like they didn't necessarily
agree with the with the tiered approach
that we had taken to whittling down our
contestants but the reality of it was we
had like 50 wireless headphones
we couldn't put all of them through the
suite especially when like if we found
something that had 35 minutes of battery
life who cares if you're not even
listening to an entire album before you
have to charge it yeah it's that's
pretty annoying it's uncompetitive and
it's not relevant right and so so there
are cases where you know say for example
even if the performance did live up to
what the manufacturer claimed if the
cost and utter inconvenience of using it
not to mention incompatibility with any
other part of the ecosystem already
disqualified it from consideration it's
just not really relevant and so in the
same way the the the the lowest PC we
had evaluated it for what it was a
crappy computer that had a high
likelihood of
failure diagnosing what exactly in
particular about it failed was not
relevant for telling the story of this
particular product or or collection of
products it wasn't it wasn't relevant to
the
story all right what else you
got oh you want a
fourth sure sure why not uh okay let's
see rule Breakers I cheating hey lonus
Luke and Dan oh wow a normal one for
once my wife is crunchy okay never mind
I love to install Smart Home Tech but
her friends and family think I'm causing
health problems with all of it do you
have any thoughts on its
effects well if you wrap your whole body
with just little like holes in
particular areas with tin foil you're
fine yeah then they should be uh they
should be able to be crunchy yeah and
still sound crunchy as
well um I don't know there's there's a
subset of the population that seems to
treat science like a sort of religion
and it works both ways there are people
who are Pro science who treat it like a
religion and there are people who are
anti-science and treat it like a
religion but science is not a religion
science is inherently different from
that in that it is constantly evolving
and challenging itself to do better as a
as a system of shaping our worldviews
theoretically but because there are
people on both sides of the pro- or
anti-science argument that treat it like
religion
it sometimes gets extremely muddy if
you're dealing with those people on
either end of the spectrum and you try
to have a conversation about what
our what our knowledge base tells us at
this current time you are bound to be
met with resistance so what I'm trying
to say is if someone believes now that
Wi-Fi or Smart Home Tech is is harmful
to the human body you are unlikely to um
change their mind in the only way that
could possibly change their mind which
would be to show them the facts about
the impact of that radiation on their
body compared to just an hour of sitting
out in the sun eating a
banana um but I would say if you want
some amount of compromise it might not
be a bad idea to no Wi-fi Zone parts of
your house like something uh & have
started doing is a very hardcore no
phones in bed rule not
allowed that's
it just no no like for anything so it's
interesting and I genuinely think that
has been life
improving because even if it's like I'm
just going to dgen and scroll on my
phone well okay get
up yeah which I think is good because
half the time I'm we're both so add that
by the time we've gotten up it's like
well now there's things to do so I'm not
going to sit and just like scroll on my
phone so it might be a decent idea just
because I think um a lot of Modern Life
and a lot of people in Modern Life are
are too terminally connected to the
internet to have certain areas of the
house that like
aren't and the bed was your priority
yeah there's other activities there's
things to do
like
sleep top idea
uhhuh oh that was dangerous I didn't
even do it I'm just going to put that a
away all right uh what are we supposed
to be doing Dan well more topics sure
more topics yeah I think we have that
power Dude where's my Tesla um according
to the San Francisco Chronicle Oakland
law enforcement
sought to obtain warrants to tow Teslas
not because they were parked illegally
or were involved in any kind of illicit
activity but because they happened to be
parked near possible crime scenes on
three separate occasions between July
and August of this year what police
apparently wanted to obtain footage
collected by the car's external
cameras so by simply driving a Tesla and
parking it somewhere oh
what you could be turning your car into
a
surveillance station for Oakland law
enforcement a representative of the
Richmond California Police Officers
Association told the chronicle that this
is a common practice and that officers
will typically try to contact a vehicle
owner to solicit voluntary voluntary
cooperation but they will resort to
getting a warrant to tow the vehicle if
they don't receive a timely response I'm
just going to say man nothing really
happens that makes me
not everything that happens in the
automotive space makes me more and more
happy that I have the car that I have
nothing happens in the automotive space
really there's like maybe something here
or there very rarely that actually makes
me like want a different car all of this
stuff is like oh sweet my car will never
be involved in this yeah that's awesome
I don't want my car to randomly get
towed because some officer dude is like
h i could like another angle like that
sucks I don't want to deal with that at
all tell me this though if they asked
nicely and they were like yeah someone
was mugged here and your car was parked
there would would you would you
cooperate with law enforcement if if it
you know could help them track down some
n do well you know what I'd probably
do is I'd go look at it myself and then
determine because we've seen enough
uh enough not good
stuff
um that I'd like to know basically yep
that's fair enough oh speaking of law
enforcement unfortunately the collab
with the Maple Ridge guys on the big
phone bust is not going to happen yeah
they need everything for evidence and
whatever we we can't get access to any
of the devices so that's a bummer I had
really hoped to be able to kind of talk
through exactly how the scam works I
thought it would have been a really cool
like Public Service uh or uh yeah PSA
Public Service Announcement um but
unfortunately the the wheels of Justice
turn slowly and really weirdly sometimes
so even though my understanding is they
have like a ton of devices as part of
the bust they can't spare any because
they need
it that's a bummer no this just a bummer
Windows mixed reality is disappearing
now to be clear I don't care I never
really understood what the point of
Windows mixed reality is so maybe if
there's someone who's an Enthusiast out
there I'd love to hear from you cuz as
far as I could tell the main attraction
for Windows mixed reality devices was
just that you could run them in Steam VR
like I couldn't figure out anything I
needed to do in Windows mixed reality um
so I don't personally care but what is a
bummer is anything that people have
invested significant money into just
going away and that's what's happening
all the headsets even ones that people
paid hundreds of dollars for um some
that launched as recently as October of
2020 and were sold until late last year
W are set to be deprecated in version 24
H2 of Windows 11 which will soon roll
out to most users users who remain on 23
H2 will continue to be able to use their
headsets but this will likely stop
working by November of
2026 furthermore according to a former
Microsoft employee much of the systems
back back end will be difficult or
impossible to replace either because
it's a black box to users or because it
is completely lacking in public
documentation so guys so does this
include holar there was a cool Halo game
no Hollow lens is separate that's
augmented reality and it's its own
Standalone device it's called mixed
reality on Microsoft's website yeah it's
not the same as Windows mixed reality
though it's a completely different okay
uh business unit like it's a completely
different I don't know if it's a
separate business unit but it it's a
separate team for sure there's there's
like big serious industry stuff that
uses that so I was going to be pretty
surprised no no no this isn't that okay
I am not nobody seems
to um people still yeah nobody seems to
what even is Windows mixed reality yeah
we reviewed one headset long time ago
and then had a bunch of Brands like
Samsung and aser I forget which one we
covered but we had a bunch of Brands
like hey do you want to cover our
Windows mixed reality has some like no
like what lot of Brands jumped on it
what would I even say about it well
Microsoft seems to provide a significant
amount of resources to help them push
their initiatives this one just seemed
extremely misguided yeah like I couldn't
figure out who if anyone was asking for
this I don't even know what it did
really nobody really knew what was even
going on in like when they launched that
that was like the the wild west of VR um
and I think they they kind of did that
and Hollow at the same time and then
just decided all right well no one
really liked this anyways let's just go
the hollowland route
yeah I wish they didn't pull support for
it but I understand them not wanting to
drive it Forward more if that makes
sense what exactly is it um great
website
okay overvie concept no let's do
overview it
levitates ooh
what is it
though before you start they don't say
why I need you're muted oh they never
say at any point why I need it you might
be mute King now I might have lost my
title yeah I might be mute King now I'm
going to do better I'm going to do
better um this is full of how but not
why does anyone have any resources that
might explain why Windows mixed reality
like it seems to be just instead of
steam VR is is that is that what it is
you you get you you you get apps or like
you is it like a runtime because there's
steam VR there's the Oculus
one I I don't know I don't I don't know
if anyone really understood what it was
it looks like it's a runtime of some
kind blend of physical and digital
worlds unlocking natural and intuitive
3D human computer and environmental
interaction yeah but like but is it
though like what
um oh man look at these amazing
resources here that just don't answer my
question at
all okay
well troubling news
anyway let's see oh do you want to talk
about Concord I uh it was a huge news
this week I don't know if I've ever
seen more actually no I lied I think the
Borderlands movie probably comes close
to more discussion about a thing nobody
did more discussion about a thing
absolutely nobody actually did um
PlayStation announced that they would be
taking live service hero shooter Concord
offline less than two weeks after the
game's official launch yeah this is huge
not because live service games don't get
pulled offline all the time but because
the game had allegedly been in
development
for8 years
costing According to some estimates
hundreds of millions of dollars to
develop I have no idea if this is legit
I've heard the $200 million price point
thrown around a bunch of times I've also
spoken with some some people who pay
attention to you know PlayStation who
are pretty mythed about the whole thing
in general because this was just Sony in
their mind chasing that live service
game cash at the expense of the kinds of
rich single player experiences that
PlayStation has been so well known for
and honestly how they won the current
console generation yes and so they've
been really frustrated that so much
development has gone into this piece of
crap that could have gone into games
that they could buy for their flipping
PlayStation and instead they have
nothing to play right now yeah um the
only person that I know that played it
or bought it
is
Conrad and Conrad said that he thought
it was pretty all right I if I remember
correctly he said he thought it was
about a seven out of 10 while the some
argue the game was solid there were some
strange design decisions such as
encouraging players to switch characters
on respawn to get Buffs for their team
when play players typically like to
stick to their Mains in character
focused games hate that decision with a
fiery passion that was so dumb
wow so I read that for the first time I
didn't know about that until I saw the
wock originally I was skimming through
topics and I saw that I was just like
what are you kidding me you know what's
funny is as a casual I'm like oh yeah
that seems like a good idea no like
encouraging people to try different play
Styles and blah blah blah blah blah like
I can I don't even agree as a casual
because you're not a casual so because
as well fair enough if you get tossed
how many hours he has in like
League those are old hours just take
take whatever he says as the ignorant
ramblings that it is a compliment on the
W show what's going wrong this is
compliment from lonus um the uh the the
idea is a casual that you'll spend some
amount of time getting used to a
character and then just as you're
finally like you've learned most their
abilities you're kind of getting the
groove and it's like nope but remember
it's it would level it would level
things the other way as well not
really you're you're going to have I
feel like it would make it harder to
catch up person you're going to have the
obsessives that know absolutely every
class within two days cuz they stayed up
for 48 hours but but I think a lot of
people jumping in would it would take I
think the intent was that it would take
a little longer for people to master
everything and it would force people to
to kind of level themselves up in a more
balanced way and maybe find new play
styles that they otherwise wouldn't
bother to find I understand the intent
but it's not going to happen you got you
have to understand human behavior but
that's the well not just get is you need
to understand that player based behavior
that too but I I straight up believe I I
don't I can't say that I guarantee that
this happened just cuz so few people
played um but if a lot of people did
actually play I guarantee you a thing
that you would have is people that
immediately Dodge on character respawn
they're like I don't want to play this
alt f
for promise you that would happen yep
there's so many things the the if you
are at a computer connected to the
internet the options that you have are
practically infinite if you spawn as a
character that you hate why are you
going to keep playing just quit people
already Dodge if they don't get to pick
their favorite character in other games
because someone else picked it and they
are unwilling to take their second
favorite character now you're going to
give them a completely random dice roll
it's not going to work terrible decision
hate it the game isn't dead per se game
director Ryan Ellis says they're going
to determine the best path forward uh
and in the meantime every person who
bought the game will be receiving a
refund so that's something although
that's very nice it's it's less of a of
a gracious thing than it probably sounds
like because it's in the grand scheme of
things oh cuz there a of money bought it
oh
this failure has caused concern about
PlayStation's future live surface titles
such as
Marathon yeah I know there's a lot of
concern around Marathon hopefully it
works out I really hope it does in other
news maybe our phones really are
listening I I have I have this is a
particular conspiracy theory that I have
absolutely Gone full tinfoil hat on I do
believe that whatever people say our
devices are listening to us because I
have had experiences and we've talked
about tested it and people
still and like just H I don't know yeah
people just say it's it's oh it's it's
it's coincidence I'm like come on it
can't be it can't be there have been
times when I know for a fact that and
and not like I knew for a fact that I
didn't click through that fishing email
okay there have been times that I have
known for a fact that I didn't look this
up on my phone and I didn't look this up
on a computer or you didn't look it up
at all I was just talking to people and
I have gotten ads for things so in a
recent pitch deck to prospective
advertising Partners Cox Media Group
appropriate Name by the way claimed that
they can listen to users through their
smart devices microphone using so-called
active listening software this same
pitch deck cites Amazon Google and meta
as some of the company's major clients
when reached for comment by 404 media
meta and Amazon acknowledged their
partnership with CMG but denied
participating in this active listening
program and made vague statements about
how Partners who were found to have
violated their standards would be
reviewed this sounds an awful lot like
the kind of couple Degrees of Separation
that we see with these corporations and
say for example or excuse me say for
example there a delivery driver
Contracting partner yeah or warehousing
Contracting partner oh someone got
crushed by a forklift in that warehouse
that well we don't own it and we we
disavow that particular contractor that
warehouse that company is going to be
closed down and respawn up by the PE by
the money people and then renegotiate a
deal with Amazon overnight like that's
how the whole grift Works um so yeah
maybe they didn't participate in Cox
media groups active listening program
but maybe they participated in an
intermediary who did participate but
they didn't know the point is I have
definitely gotten ads for stuff that
I've just talked about Google meanwhile
appears to have responded by removing
CMG from its list of Premier
Partners the pitch deck likewise claims
that this active listening is legal and
Compares it favorably to a Black Mirror
episode it calls the company's own
program creepy sure great for marketing
definitely that's a quote Oh
God holy crap oh man yeah so speaking of
that that that guy with the crunchy wife
um you know certain parts of your house
not
having uh any connectivities I'm going
to leave you to do a topic or two cuz I
drank all of this no problem I'm going
to watch the Minecraft movie trailer I'm
kidding yeah yeah don't watch it yeah
watch it watch it watch it I've already
seen it what no yeah yeah no don't watch
it on stream just watch it and react oh
is that going to be fun you think it's
going to be fun I don't know I haven't
watched it we can watch it together hold
hands the stream doesn't get to see it
though no you just get to see us like
start crying I can't hear it though uh
well I need to make that hear it I mean
they can't hear it though cuz it's going
to play music and stuff I guess wow this
looks horrible we're like 10 seconds in
I'm I'm watching it oh why is it live
action
I live action stuff why would you even
do that oh
God
what I don't I don't
understand why
okay so is this like an attempt at a
Lego movie but
badly is this like Honey I Shrunk the
Kids like yeah we've uh yeah it's got
Jack Black in it they accidentally fall
into the M must fall into Minecraft so
he's
Steve I'm sure and then these are just
random humans I'm assuming I guess
so okay you know the scenes that don't
have people in them look a lot better if
they don't have people and they don't
have Minecraft animals they look a lot
better yeah yeah I mean where is like
the cutesy character like is that the
cutesy character cuz everybody has to
have a cut side you to have a plush that
you can sell yeah exactly stuffed llama
makes sense except
it's it's kind of icky digital
Legos the Minecraft movie is not
targeting the original Minecraft
audience it's targeting the 10-year-olds
and under my kid think
hilarious
obviously
cool they care they said they don't care
that it's bad cuz it's not meant for you
it's for kids okay well when people I
don't like that take when people make
good kids content it ends up being for
everyone yeah you make good things for
kids I mean the one that I hear all the
time is Bluey I was going to say blue is
like I'm probably the only example true
that's good you just make a good movie
that is just kid-friendly like you don't
have to be like you're an adult you
don't get to like this you can make it
for both people like uh what was it the
The Lego Movie that did really well and
was approachable for a lot of people and
movie was great and was a kids movie
Everything Is Awesome except the sequels
if you live in Universe other attempt at
doing that yeah I don't I don't know I
don't know everything is awesome if
you're in the first movie of The Lego
Movie before it was ruined by being
successful and if you make a spaceship
cuz that's that scene was awesome SP it
was all good SP up it was fun it was fun
even if it was just a
advertisement yeah but sometimes people
with passion can make advertisements
with you know look at Dennis yeah Dennis
makes fun hats Dennis should make the
next Minecraft movie
no cuz he should stay here I mean
sponsored by LTT
store I don't know what about did we do
like all the topics no there's still
okay there's a bunch left mind I'll take
it
back I'll do an AI topic cuz L won't
care anyways uh Federal prosecutor has
been Federal prosecutor have charged an
American Musician okay with defrauding
multiple streaming services to the tune
of $10 million using AI Michael Smith
allegedly used AI That's the fakest
sounding name in the world so I don't
know uh Michael Smith allegedly used AI
to make hundreds of thousands of songs
which he then attributed to fake bands
like callus post and cerie screams like
bands that start with c and have two
words uh he then reportedly used Bots to
stream those fake songs billions of
times and collected the royalties over
$3,000 a day over the course of seven
years wow crazy how many AI scans will
we have where the illegal element of the
scheme really has nothing to do with AI
uh a bunch of them I'm
sure by the way you misunderstood the
concord thing you didn't get a random
character on respawn just a small bonus
if you chose to switch
oh there are you are you okay with it
now okay because then Min maxing
gameplay is going to result in you
switching characters which people will
do people don't play games for fun
anymore everyone thinks they're going to
be MLG superpro it's crazy but it's a
thing you know it mhm everyone's like
I'm going to I'm going to be at the the
international Masters I'm going to be
amazing it's like no no you're not just
have fun anyways Connor is uh reviewing
the video removal video right now with
plof so that they they they snagged me
to ask a couple quick things and I was
like yeah guys don't don't be here till
1: in the morning just if there's a
little bit less you know visuals and
animations than usual like come on what
are your thoughts on the Minecraft
trailer have your kids seen it here's a
good question no okay I wonder what your
kids think because everyone in the flow
plan chat was like it's not for you it's
for kids uh and I was like content can
kids wouldn't even know who Jack Black
is it if that matters then it's for
adults so you're argument sucks um I can
say what I think about it
sure I
think there was actually some really
good material there oh I couldn't I
didn't have audio that might have heard
it um no there wasn't much there wasn't
much in the way of
audio I think the movie could have
actually been really cool if they went
super meta on the whole thing at the
very end they're like who are you and
Jack Black stands there looking like
Jack Black like he's going to the
grocery store and he just says Jack
Black and he says I'm Jack Black and if
it turned out that like he was streaming
Minecraft or something like I think
there could have been room for them to
go like super meta and he's a and he's
like a celebrity streamer and there's
some kind of like
as a as a seed as a as a as a piece of
sandst this if he had just stood there
and said I'm Jack Black and like then
something I don't know something
interesting it's almost like a like like
a more like a matrix like Inception like
kind of I don't know that'd be there
yeah see okay an fro agrees that'd be a
cool framing device it would be cool is
um so am I am I judging the properly
they like fell into the Minecraft
Universe and now they're like stuck the
like family or whatever that group of
people is I think so and then Jack Black
is just Steve he's Steve it would be
more interesting if they had to like
work with this streamer person to figure
out how to like beat the game so that
they and people were like stream sniping
to try to prevent them because they were
sent
there that like formed to try to stop
them from getting out of the game would
be so interesting and like Twitch Plays
could like something like I I don't know
who knows but they fall into a sub
Universe where it's all the weird mods
but I was sitting there right like
there's hundreds of you could do so much
with it dude I was sitting there I was
sitting there going oh my God he's going
to say I'm Jack Black he is he already
is the actor that more than almost
anyone else just plays himself yeah so
they they so they go full like
self-awareness and he just goes I'm Jack
Black and he goes I'm Steve and I was
like what yeah what do you mean you're
Steve you don't
even you don't even look like a Steve
yeah like you just what are you even
talking about yeah so there that's
that's my pitch that's my pitch they can
save this they just have to Sonic movie
it I'm a
heroine that's what he should have said
that would have been that would have
been sick that would be sickud he's
actually just a real person I don't even
trapped in Minecraft
I deep lore I see a lot of people upset
about the mix of animation and um and
live action I don't even mind that I'm
kind of tired of live action stuff a
little bit I don't even mind that if
he's like I'm Jack Black it makes it
instantly infinitely
better people are like that's a sick
pitch I'd see that there's even like the
like log off scene when the streamer
like goes to bed or something or maybe
their their mom like yells at them for
being on the computer and then they just
like Boop and then the people are like
oh we're in this like on our own now
there's like so many things that they
could take from the streaming like
online content creation Minecraft public
server like yeah oh man yeah like they
like someone someone manages to unlock
creative mode and like there's you could
do like a like a bizarre hacking scene
where like they they like try to get
them into into creative in a in a public
server and they have to achieve
something or whatever right like there's
so much they there there's such a
rich Community around
Minecraft and instead they did
that having a having like a war with the
people that are trying to keep them in
the game where they make those like
those like moving structures that people
do with the the the goo and the Pistons
and they're like shooting the TNT
cannons because they're or they build
some they build something out of
redstone that like solve some kind of
problem for them with like logic gates
or like I be really sick if the thing
that they build out of redstone is
actually reproducible in the game so
like people that get inspired by that
could go into like more advanced
creation within Minecraft yeah yeah
yeah uh talk about this topic while
you're gone to be clear it doesn't look
low effort or anything it just
looks kind of bad that's all looked kind
of bad I didn't I don't think I was tooo
interested in it the internet archive
lost their appeal that's not to say
they're not still appealing well okay I
don't know if they filed another appeal
but the okay you get it an appeals court
has ruled against the internet archive
in the case brought by several prominent
book publishers the court has likewise
forcefully rejected the principle of
controlled digital lending which
libraries across the US have used to
justify buying a physical book
digitizing that book and lending the
digital copy as if it were a phys book
rather than buy often pricey or wholly
unavailable digital licenses according
to the court the practice does not fall
under fair use or existing Jurish
Prudence likewise the Court held that
the internet archives use was not
transformative and served the same
purpose as the original allowing readers
to access the author's
writing the court did however reject one
element of the earlier ruling the
internet archive was determined not to
be involved in commercial activity
regardless of whether or not the
archives sought donations from VIs
visors to its open library and gained
non-monetary
reputational value yeah the internet
archive has a long difficult road ahead
of it constantly forever um overall I
think there are Force for good and um I
wish them for the most part luck the Z2
Extreme has been confirmed by AMD at
eepa AMD gave a behind closed doors
presentation revealing they are working
on a successor to the Z1 extreme the
chip that powered basically every steam
deck competitor the strix point based D2
extreme will arrive early next year and
AMD says the chip will be able to more
than triple battery life during high-end
uh gaming from about 45 minutes to 3
hours on typical devices crazy part of
that savings though will come from new
features like amd's fluid motion frames
or frame generation so is it real
performance I leave that up to you guys
it may already be in the hands of man
have handheld manufacturers according to
Windows Central Lenovo is already
working on a strict Point based Legion
go and this may be the processor that
powers it our discussion question here
is what does this mean for the steam
deck and how should valve respond I
think I think sometime next year is
probably time for steam deck to I also
think in valve fashion they might just
not they sort of proved their point they
did what they needed to they don't have
to release another te I hope they do I
really hope they do but
sometimes valve seems to just like kind
of show up in a space and push the space
forward and then fade
away I think you make it sound a lot
more intentional than it probably is oh
yeah it's probably just people get bored
and they can work on whatever the heck
they want so they just don't bother work
on the next one I think they'll do
another steam deck I hope they do
because what no one else can replace
that valve can do is the console model
subsidizing the hardware yeah with the
royalties or with the um the fees that
they collect on software sales
if they do release one I think I want
one this time I think I think I finally
do want one yeah there's been enough
times where I'm like yeah you know
what I really should just have that
right now so that I could do something
it's not even always gaming yep it's
just like that would be the by far the
most convenient platform for me to be
using right now I don't know this is an
interesting one to me X is banned in
Brazil uh panel of Brazilian Supreme
Court Justices has decided to uphold a
Countrywide ban on X uh this was
specifically in response to the company
refusing to appoint a legal
representative in the country but it was
part of a long-term dispute where Elon
Musk refused to comply with other orders
to take down alleged defamation and
disinformation on the platform on
freedom of speech CRS yada yada yada
it's been a whole thing but the real
discussion here uh for me is this part
in response many users have migrated to
other platforms especially Blue Sky
which had only half a million users last
Friday but added 2 million new users in
the space of a few days Brazil's a big
market and our discussion question here
and oh I'd like to clarify something
from the last W show some people I
couldn't even find that understood what
idea what I didn't remember you saying
that what I said was that Brazil was a
relatively uh unimportant Market where
Elon was making a stand whereas he
complied in other ones that were more
important to him and I wasn't saying
Brazil is a small Market Brazil's not a
small Market what I was saying was that
it was a relatively unimportant one and
his principles were not being principles
were not being applied equally in
different territories uh someone
actually posted an excellent summary on
the Forum of what my point was and I was
like yes this and then that thread
completely de-escalated right um I don't
know I'm not going to bring it up right
now though but the the conversation that
I wanted to have here was what I guess
but anyways are our current social media
platforms as Immortal as we think they
are like we've talked about this a fair
bit especially when there was all that
halalu over on red with the API charging
and all the like cool services and
Alternate readers and stuff that were
getting shut down by and thenly nothing
happened and and practically nothing
happened and and you've kind of lamented
the current state where these incumbents
have so much power and so much momentum
and such a huge back catalog that they
seemingly cannot be replaced and yet
here we are Twitter got kicked out of
Brazil and immediately Blue
Sky got sucked into the void that it
left immediately I suspect
that this is pretty much the only thing
that can disrupt that space effectively
right now um if you look at all of the
social media platforms they're all old
um and I think that's largely because of
Technology Gap and expense of startup
effectively um it's not very reasonable
to try to make a YouTube right now just
to be honest it just isn't there's no
one's going to compete with them if
Microsoft tried they would fail so like
if that's the case what are you going to
do I mean they couldn't even they
couldn't even compete with twitch and
that's
likeing yeah just a small part of what
YouTube is Twitch itself isn't even
super viable so like yeah I don't know
that's that's a bit of a weird one but
um yeah it's tough so like maybe
government disruption is basically the
only thing that can cause that to happen
but I suspect as we've pointed out with
apple that this is much more on
company's radar now and I think some of
these big companies are going
to I don't know I I I think the like hey
everything is good yay hooray Lego movie
is going to make people think that like
oh all these companies are going to be
great now I suspect just lobbying is
going to crank up things like that are
going to happen and this is going to
cool back down
um pure tube fety verse yeah it's a it's
a cool concept
for half of 1% of people um I think it's
unlikely to really I and I understand
half of 1% of people are now extremely
angry with me um but it's just
like they've existed as options for a
long time and normies don't want it yeah
and maybe something changes down the
line and
it becomes more viable
but right now normies don't want it it
is what it is yeah I think that in our
Tech bubble we we think these severely
overestimate sometimes the viability of
a solution
y um Intel's having some struggles at
the same time that they're launching
their new core Ultra 200v lunar Lake
Mobile processors they're currently
running low on I9 13900 K and 14900 K
chips most likely due to a mountain of
RMA requests in some areas of the US it
is apparently taking 3 to four weeks to
have a replacement chip delivered
Reuters likewise reports that Intel's
18a silicon Wafers have failed to pass
tests set by broadcom an important
client for Intel's contract
manufacturing business furthermore Intel
today announced that it was cancelling
plans to use its own internal 20a
process node for its upcoming aerol Lake
processors and would instead be using
external chips most likely from
tsmc the discussion question here is
does Intel have the resources and
capacity to survive this is there
something that could explain all these
issues cropping up at the same time I
mean it's clear they're trying to do a
lot right now I've said I like Pat
Ginger's plan I like the plan I've said
I don't know if they're going to execute
on it it's going to take a long time but
I like the plan of splitting Intel
into the the design side and the
manufact facturing
side I mean I liked the plan of us kind
of splitting ourselves internally into a
media side and a lab side but it's been
clear at times that we bid off a little
bit more than we could chew and there
have been some gaps right it doesn't
it's not for lack of like trying to do
your best the good thing for us is that
we are privately held right so as long
as we're not losing money then we kind
of can write the ship and make the
corrections we need to make at our
Leisure if you're a publicly held
company and your valuation dips people
money right now they'll just leave and
you're at risk of something like U uh a
hostile takeover someone can just start
buying up shares I mean look what
happened with Twitter
so it's a it's a
scary perilous time for Intel I still
like the plan and I still hope they can
execute on it uh not least of which just
because not least because I just want to
see a competitor to tsmc like I we
should all be rooting for a valid
competitor to
tsmc no Monopoly is good I mean look
what's happened to the cost of our
Electronics guys especially The Cutting
Edge stuff that's not that's not purely
you know Nvidia or Apple's greed um
in other news this is fun AT&T has filed
a lawsuit against broadcom for
retroactively changing contracts for
Perpetual software licenses that it
acquired alongside its acquisition of
VMware am I the only one who's delighted
by the irony here in December the
company announced that it would end
those Perpetual license sales in favor
of bundled subscriptions imagine a
company whose entire Fortune was built
on bundled subscriptions and forced
subscriptions instead of being allowed
to buy things like set top boxes going
to court fighting the good fight for the
Perpetual licenses that should
exist I for one love it it's great
because and I hate to say the
corporation cuz it's just such a it's
just such a cliche right the mega corpse
but the mega corpse they they love
subscriptions they love pay forever
thanks for yeah exactly they love pay
Forever Until all of a sudden the script
is flipped and they
go but my Perpetual
license I love it in our case we
absolutely have Perpetual cost so we
kind of need to do it that way but
um taking it to the gears on on VMware I
am happy that AT&T is doing that um
would I ever say I like
AT&T no um but I'm happy someone with
weight to throw around is going after
VMware because man this stuff they've
pulled is really
frustrating AT&T uses VMware to run
around 75,000
these are these are really dry yeah
you've also got you've got like pizza
dust all over your
laptop what are you going to do about it
what's going on
dude wow it's not going to make it to my
laptop totally dead right there yeah you
see look watch you brushed it off 100%
I'll bring you
some huh no oh my goodness get out of
here it's a good laptop it won't break
LG gam stop it no I don't no stop it
chunk AT&T uses VMware to run around
75,000 virtual machines across 8,600
servers slimy Pizza while AT&T would be
able to continue using the software as
is the company claims that broadcom is
refusing to renas support services for
the period it is
owed I muted you I'm sorry you seemed
like you were dying and we didn't need
to listen to you D um the last thing
that's on the dock for this week is is
that wow we finally collaborated with Mr
who's the boss and DIY Perks at the same
time what wait we worked on that mm oh
no they
just basically what Aaron said is like I
don't know you just seemed like the
person who would most
appreciate this test we're trying to do
and I was like M my laptop and I was
like thank you I am bothered that's so
cool so you guys should go check out
how did we wait our only involvement was
that he thought of me when he wanted to
test video calling on it oh cool good
enough yeah sweet it's crazy super cool
yeah they built the the biggest iPhone
and it is shockingly iPhone like and
shockingly um shockingly functional I
expected no less from DIY perks probably
the funniest part of the video is that
we had a side conversation during the
video call where we just had a video
call you know I wasn't hosting he wasn't
hosting we were just talking on our
video call and we got onto the subject
of my note 9 he asks me oh what phone do
you use and I go oh a note 9 he's like
that's got to be a bit and I'm
like no that's my phone I pull it out of
my pocket and I show him all the cracks
he left it in the
video that's pretty funny actually yeah
I've had I've had a one of those cases
where I I thought an interview was going
there was going to be like a minute or
two of it at Max in a video and then it
was just like an uncut like half an hour
segment I was like whoa okay yo oh yeah
he left a ton of our interactions in
there I was very surprised cuz normally
he's got like a a very
fast-paced style to his videos um but he
left
literally I think almost 3 minutes
uh yeah almost three minutes of us uh
doing this video call on this gigantic
88 in diagonal phone uh really really
cool project um I haven't actually
watched the whole thing it's a 24 minute
video and I didn't I didn't catch all of
it I've only made it to about 15 minutes
but I'm going to watch the rest of it uh
so cool Guinness World Record he gets to
join the club now his is cooler than
ours ours is pretty cool yeah ours is
n Luke nope Luke NOP super cool Luke our
started with lowlander win I have
getting a Guinness World Record on my
bucket list what is the easiest thing we
can do you know
that his started with let's do something
really incredible and cool and see if we
can get a world record for it it's a
completely different Journey we need to
do lowlander we don't need to do
lowlander you guys know what the idea
for lowlander is ah there's been various
ideas for lowlander they're all kind of
stupid there's been one good one well
fine what is the good one
underwater yeah that that's the stupid
one they're all stup not in like a like
in a submarine yeah I know but we're not
going to do that be so sick we're not
going in a submarine be so sick though
do you want to Ocean Gate yourself no we
get like a real
one not one made out of what was it
aluminum I don't know what it was made
of carbon fiber it was it was carbon
fiber carbon
fber all right that's probably not best
thing to make a out of oh you can make
you can make things out of carbon fiber
but you have to test them extremely
diligently and weave them correctly this
material is extremely good at one thing
let's make it do not that see what
happens yeah that's a that's a great
idea time for after dark okay
all right the buttons are pushed are you
ready I'm
ready oh this one's not even for you
Luke are you ready yeah hey Luke what
advice would you give someone who wants
to get budgies what are some unexpected
things to carrying for them can I try
yeah let's just give it to go for it
okay way more interaction than you think
you absolutely need a pair of them and
you absolutely need to be prepared to
spend spend time with them on a very
very regular basis I got they do have
some
advantages oh seriously was I muted that
just the start I managed to catch M
balls thanks Dan um so yeah social pairs
interact with them way more than you
think they're pretty good as far as
cleanup you know that's one of the best
things about them is they're relatively
low cleanup for a a a parrot type bird
um but you have to be prepared for how
extremely fragile they are any
contaminant in the air
basically they drop
dead in short true to go back and do it
again I wouldn't recommend yeah you you
are going to need to change lifestyle
things like there's cleaners that you
can't use around your house that you
probably currently use which being able
being not able to use those is going to
make cleaning things more difficult and
don't be a slob you still got to do it
so it takes more effort to clean your
place you can't cook with Teflon uh you
you a lot of cooking fumes depending on
uh like someone said no smoking yeah I
just kind of assumed um there's there's
issues with like do you live in an
apartment like most of us these days
well it's going to be difficult to do
anything that could have any type of
fume or any type of air contaminant
anywhere in your entire apartment
because your apartment's probably not
big want to take up painting models how
about no how about no do you live in an
apartment again oh well you can never
have your sliding glass door or windows
open because people in your building
probably smoke um and they probably
smoke constantly so your apartment this
is Def I'm not talking about my own
apartment at all they probably smoke
absolutely constantly below you so all
of the smoke just comes into your house
and that would that would be bad for
your birds as well
it's it
gets there's a lot involved with it it
also gets wicked expensive if you're
going to try to keep them alive at all
because the vet bills crank up fast and
even then you might not be able to save
them so so in summary to go back and do
it again would great they're great I
love my birds they are tons of fun they
have really actually very vibrant
personalities um they have very unique
personalities
they want to be involved in everything
they're they're very fun they're much
more
like if you're that's another if you're
getting them as a Cage pet nah you got
to let them out and let them fly um so
that's another thing to consider if
you're like oh they're a good thing that
can sit in the corner no they're not um
they like their cage as shelter they are
going to want to leave it and they'll
get pretty frustrated if they never get
to it's bad for them
um and the the get a buddy thing like if
you're if you like and your partner
aren't full-time work from home all the
time and even then you should probably
get them a buddy they're flock animals
they're not supposed to be just like
left alone all the time um so now you're
getting two and that's two times
everything I just said including vet
bills and all that other type of stuff
so um get a dog the birds are great get
10 cats yeah or five cats might be
literally easier oh
probably I don't know I think my cats
are probably less work than your birds
probably yep yep you got to meet the
kittens by the way they're yes hilarious
yeah the one is just like the most
outgoing thing I've ever seen the first
night we brought her home she's just
like crawling all over us and like
running around and she you know the
thing cats do where they like go
sideways and like she well she's like
this big and she does it like constantly
to her brother she's like always like
I'm being super aggressive with them and
not in in like a play fight way they're
hilarious are they mixed yet like with
the other cats no no they um they have
fleas from living outdoors and they're
too young for flea treatment got it so
we can treat them I think on Tuesday and
then as soon as you hit hit them with
Revolution they're apparently good to go
to mix in because it like kills the
entire flea cycle so anything they have
on them will just like die or whatever
so then we're good to go cool hey lldd
my son is in college and is very
introverted I really hope he opens up
even a tiny bit and has fun any
suggestions on how I could help
encourage
this I can already tell you as his
parent probably no yeah like that's
that's the challenge right introverted
people pushing doesn't help it almost
has to be like a pull if you know what I
mean like you can't you can't push them
they have to be enticed towards more
interactions so you know if they can
find like a club or something like that
that they can get engaged with find some
like-minded people those will pull them
out of their shell like I there are a
lot of those at post secondary as well I
got these I I got these gel blasters um
and I I told my son I was like hey we
should try these we should like they
shoot Orbeez and we should like blast
each other in the yard or whatever like
have a you know gunfight um and he was
like does it hurt I'm like yeah and he's
like no and then his friends were over
for a party and I was like hey do you
guys want to shoot these and they're
like oh yeah that looks awesome and I
was like okay but the deal is cuz they
had all been given me a really time
during the pool party like like just
going at me basically like a bunch of
you know pre-teen boys um like shooting
me with like every water gun and like
chasing me around and like grabbing my
stuff and just you know you know they're
having fun right anyway they'd been
going at me real hard all evening and I
was like okay well here's the deal
because these are my Orby guns so you
have to let me shoot you once and then
you can shoot them as much as you want
and they were like okay I'm going to do
it I'm going to be the first one I want
to be first and then all of a sudden my
son's
like I want to be involved in this thing
now yeah and so that's what I mean by a
pull instead of a push no amount of me
pushing him would have made him want to
overcome that pain or anxiety or
whatever it
is but sometimes peer pressure can be a
sort u a Force for good yeah can be
terrible under control but it it can
yeah absolutely
um another thing that I'd recommend is
try to find small groups like uh lonus
and I this surprises some people lonus
and I both kind of actually lean more
towards the introverted side of things
um you'd never know it yeah like
watching this show but it's definitely a
thing like I I I leave here and I like
so drained every Friday after decompress
for a very long time yeah well into
tomorrow oh yeah yeah Luke I think both
of us have said that we've stayed up to
like 5:00 a.m. just decompressing yep
cuz like I mean if it's a if it was a
particularly long and rough week and
then if wano goes for like a really long
time I might have really enjoyed wano
but just I like wo oh yeah the this the
the battery afterwards sometimes just
needs to be alone like sleeping isn't
going to recharge it I need to spend
active Time by myself yep and then it'll
be okay um but another thing that helps
me in that regard is small group groups
so I don't know like a a DND group or a
if there's like a um a hacker space like
there's probably not going to be a huge
per amount of people in there so they
can get used to the the three or four
people that they engage with often and
they can socialize with that group and
then maybe when they get used to that
one they can try another one and then
they can grow their Social Circle that
way instead of trying to meet like 20
people 20 30 people at a time now you
know within
a minute of being in the space you know
everybody's name it's a little bit
easier to navigate you can you can focus
on those smaller amount of people more
it's nice when it's something where
everyone is working on something in
common too I I that way you don't have
to talk make small talk you can work on
a project that's that's where a lot of
um that's that's where a lot of
the ice breaking happens for people like
me anyway I yeah I need some form
of uh activity that people are focused
on to like function properly if if we're
literally just standing around talking
and it's like a big group of people I I
have like my brain is constantly like du
what are we doing but if if like
anything else is involved if there's
something going on and food is pretty
good for this I think it's one of the
reasons why a lot of people uh meet for
dinner and stuff like that but um
anything else some form of Central
activity and you're you're good oh I
found that Forum post uh so
man um summarized it well I think it was
more a jab at Twitter following us
regulations like a well-trained dog
while taking a relatively less
significant Market as a supposed moral
High Ground Battle the confidence wasn't
so much about the size of Brazil's
economy as it was about the thought
process of complying in one region as
opposed to another essentially doing the
same hand wve Zeon presumably did in the
decision to play the moral High Ground
game exactly there oh and side note to
Elon the Brazilian Market was relevant
he'd be working to keex in Brazil
relevancy is not just about being a big
economy relevancy to a bonehead can be
quite boneheaded yeah yeah that was what
I meant they just man just said it a lot
better than me yeah good
work all right hit me down sure hey lldd
any thoughts on school phone policy my
high school has started requiring
students to put their phones in a basket
at the start of class using phones in
class sucks but this seems a bit much
well let me say I love it let me say
this much
um I think it's good that you have fewer
distractions
because this is not the correct form of
there and there is no punctuation in
here at all so I think you could stand
to put your phone down for a little bit
okay okay okay I'm just I'm mostly I'm
mostly teasing I'm mostly teasing um I'm
sure there's problems where like in
emergencies it makes it more difficult
for people to call home and all that
kind of stuff overall I think it's a
good move overall the world functioned
before cell phones and and people are
really too chronically connected like
it's and I I I know that well back in my
day doesn't necessarily mean it was
better sometimes progress is just that
it's progress
um but I think it's become pretty clear
that there is some development that is
being lost in the in the loss of
face-to-face human interactions that
that we're forced to do in school like
it's not because I I wanted to talk to
people I would have actually rather not
done it a lot of the time I I often hung
out in Mr mcl's portable at lunch where
we would watch Simpsons reruns and play
video games on the crappy old computers
that he had in there like
I I absolutely dodged human interaction
that sounds
awesome that sounds sick but what I'm
trying to say
is it wasn't always an option I do that
now and I'm glad I got forced to talk to
people and interact with people because
it's a valuable life skill even if it's
not comfortable
yes hey W.D I'm playing ff3 sness
version on my steam deck I'm finding
having the instruction man ual would
help a lot AKA Blitz okay hold on hold
on mattman 87 in the chat says
Counterpoint education is to prepare for
the real world and most people will have
their phones immediately accessible at
work and many jobs even require it yes
but many many jobs will expect you to
put your phone away and get your
work done
so you've got to be prepared for both
and I don't think we need to prepare
this generation for having their phone
on they're going to have an abely exive
amounts to have their on them they're
also probably doing homework so they'll
have an experience of doing work with
their phone with
them all right hit me uh lus and Luke
what have been the mechanics you had no
idea what to do in
ff3 um is that is is this the Japanese
number versus the American number thing
and I'm playing that game you are
playing that game okay you're playing
Final Fantasy 6 mechanics was did I give
you a manual I think I gave you my
manual did you read it yeah yeah very
cool was it helpful yeah cuz originally
I was actually Googling things and then
now I'm like no I can do this the right
way which is sick and the manual
intentionally doesn't have everything in
it yeah which is great there's lots of
items and stuff that are not in there
that's cool yeah super I'm down with
that and I would I would like to play
Within those limitations and it's vague
sometimes like what exactly the ability
does is like kind of poorly translated
or intentionally vague I love it I do
prefer that over Googling just with no
reference it was like uh cuz Googling
you're going to it's almost TMI
sometimes yes it'll be like yeah and
here's the optimal build and you do this
no I didn't want I just want to play the
game you know it wasn't designed to be
completely broken by you know stacking
up Genji equipment on this particular
character and leveling them in this
particular way and going to this
particular place in order to like oh man
no promise you my team is not optimally
set up yeah I guarant I can't even fully
tell like I'm still kind of learning
like Okay so this character is sort of
supposed to do this thing you got to
stream again so I can tune in yeah you
never stream anymore so lame yeah you
want to so basically what has been a
mechanic you had no idea what to
do and I guess they're just talking like
kind of more
broadly the the little like the little
kid that like learns other people's
abilities things yeah or something yeah
oh I think he has a new name uh no I
think I thought it was GA the second you
said gaw it made sense to
me let me see what I can
find
uh I still think it's G is it g okay
maybe it's still G anyway yeah the guy
you find on the V yeah so that that took
me a sa it wasn't too bad then he sort
of figure it out yeah oh man it took me
forever to catch him because I I didn't
figure out to like use the dried meat on
him or something like I kept oh no that
was pretty weird I kept eating dried
meat myself that segment of the game
yeah with the three parties split up on
three different a couple spots where it
was like what the heck am I supposed to
do now um but you figure it out yeah
mostly it was like where am I supposed
to go when it's totally free map there's
no Quest log all that kind of stuff but
I I morind enjoyer I like that feeling
so I'm okay with that I'm going to
explore I'm going to try to find things
I'm going to try to think of what I'm
supposed to do next and execute that and
if that's not right well I went on an
adventure anyways who cares go back try
to find the right way okay I've been
told a lot of times that my
pronunciation of veg is weird V does it
stand out as weird to you vag no what is
it supposed to be Dan
vague vague vague your description of
this game is vague
that sounds like the same thing to me
yeah no it's it's just his accent V
remember he talks remember he talks like
a valley girl you know go for your re
your truck Dairy kind of thing right
that's not a valley girl accent that's
an Eastern Canadian accent I was
comparing it to an Eastern can how dare
you how dare you just because y'all
invented the language doesn't mean you
get to dictate how the rest of us speak
it it's like egg versus W take your
imperialistic and get out of
here everyone is a foreigner but the
English
it's like egg versus whey vague
vag yeah tomato tomato tomato kind of
thing yeah except Tomato's stupid who
says tomato I don't know I hate
them if you're out there I will fight
you stop being
incorrect all right what else we got
today my
goodness blus I need an update about
bike at Gat at Gat what at Gat is this
like of course at
Gat uh I'm sure it means
something all the gear all the time um
it just means always wear your gear I
have been so tired and so busy I have
not made any significant progress
getting a significant amount of it
painted and then needing to unpaint it
has been really frustrating and I had
such a hard time stripping the gas tank
that I used a more aggressive media when
I was sand blasting it and it left a
bunch of like divots in it that are not
sanding out easily I have so many so
many hours ahead of me that I have not
been getting motivated about it and uh I
had like really good momentum going and
then my sister died and I just kind of
fell off of working on stuff like that
for a while and I just got to kind of
pick it back up again um just been I've
been tired um yeah I will I will ride
next season darn it yeah next season I
will ride yeah hello Sun dad and Grandpa
you guys are coming up on 7,000 videos
currently
6,984 what is your favorite LTT moment
ever
impossible yeah I don't even remember
most of them dude we did a dive a while
ago I think it was on W show and we saw
a bunch of videos that I was in that I
have no memory of yeah like at all we've
been we've been doing this for almost as
like my YouTube career can
drive you know how long until it's half
your life it's kind we're coming up
pretty close few more years yeah so it's
it's so hard for me to say and we've
done so much wacky oh yeah incredible
stuff on camera when we
that wasn't on LTT yeah that doesn't
count that was on channel super
fun all right um let me see if I can
find this so someone in FL playing chat
guessed what I was laughing dildo
racing the fact that someone guessed
that great job Top Gear that's crazy I
didn't even say
anything that's wild you're in my
head my goodness yeah like we've done
just we've done weird stuff you know um
I came across this a little while ago
because I don't I don't know how but I
stumbled across it this is from 12 years
ago and
like I I can't explain what would have
been going through my mind when I
decided to make
this um
I think we were an independent company
already by this point highlight the
Highlight the 12 years ago it'll it'll
say the actual date yeah yeah uh yeah so
this is this is this is over six months
into the existence of lonus Media Group
and you know so we were kind of a
serious company doing serious company
things I I'm unboxing a cable I I I
think we needed a thunderbolt cable
wasn't that 2012 for something yeah or
wait sorry is this a year before yeah we
defitely filmed this together though
yeah uh do you remember this do you know
what
happens I remember doing this I don't
remember what happens no so I unbox a
cable for some reason and then like I
don't know where I don't know how I got
the idea in my mind but I was like yeah
Thunderbolts and like you know power or
something oh my God am I really looking
at the documentation for a thunderbolt
cable thank goodness I lost patience
with doing that sort of thing like you
could like what a what oh wait no I
remember I remember oh oh my
goodness oh my God why did we do that I
don't know but it's so hard to
watch the second you started to pull it
out it all came back I remember that
jump
even I yeah what am I doing why is this
this doesn't make any sense you dive in
of course you do ridiculous why am I
wearing my helmet like I'm dude I I'm
you're probably trying to be a power D
I'm 26 years old yeah I'm 26 what am I
doing being a Power Ranger dude nice
nice the worst part about that is you
probably could have done that perfectly
fine and you intentionally fell no no I
can't I can't do a flip off a tree no I
meant even just like jumping off oh yeah
no I'm like definitely doing worse than
I
oh like what was I thinking there did
you take I fight a drone fight the Drone
and then the Drone you tell I put the
camera down so that I could fly drone
yeah yeah the camera's no longer moving
did this have a mid roll or is this a
post roll ad the heck yeah did the video
just end right there maybe yeah the
video just ends there like what what
even what even is that oh man what is
that have you ever seen that Dan no I'm
I'm I'm rolling over here this is how we
made it dude my uh my face hurt where it
came from I I
mean so that crap the company theany had
our videos used to be better liar they
have the same soul and I love that it's
like you know you're saying you're 26
and it's like I'm going to have fun and
be a child because that's entertaining
and like keep it I I don't I don't take
myself seriously right it's about being
funny and fun yeah Thunderbolt cables
it's like short circuit if it was cool
cam dog 13 says get wreck Bell that's
the equivalent of' 7s fashion was better
exactly yeah we can move
that that was pre company but that was
after we had decided to do it around the
time we were deciding to do it I think
that's a little early for after we
decided okay we're definitely talking
about it at least I forget why I needed
a 2 met Thunderbolt cable but I was like
okay I need to monetize obtaining this
somehow still do that right I was at I
was at smash Champs and you're like wow
everything's Crap free
content film crew here tomorrow I did
not say it was crap and it took more
than one day to get a film crew there
okay fine KN to let me editorialize your
knock to a door is very cool Dan do you
like my knock to a door thank you it's
good thank you it's a knock to a door
yeah don't go in the lower CL I thought
we were going to put a Jank Jank Jank
all right all right who do I work
for okay where are we uh Dan and alen L
can't believe I almost missed these glad
I could pick up some they are the
scrunchies is there a reason they're
leaving what will happen to the shirt
waste that was being used for these
um is there just not anymore I don't
know that's a good question I I think
they're being discontinued is what I've
seen a couple I will
ask he is sending an
email maybe we'll have a getting a
modern remake of that epic video I don't
think you can even do that we're going
to thr into some Blackberry quick that
sounds fun I just I don't think it'll
have the same it won't it it it won't be
Earnest yeah it won't be the same thing
I think the closest modern video would
be us bushwacking the fiber run through
the bushes for because LOL yeah to be
honest I still wear those jeans energy
just applied to where we are
now you still wear those jeans what are
they I ripped open one of the knees when
we were doing that yeah but now you're
like cool and stuff what wasn't cool
back
then yeah wow rude so
rude
good I feel you got you got to report it
like a like a workplace injury you got
to go tell Ariana oh yeah exactly you
don't report workplace injuries to
Ariana she's on the safety steam
technically oh okay fine well I don't
think luk knew that
yeah I totally did yeah yes all right
here's a here's a question for Luke how
have float planes content policies
changed over time we definitely have
those and they're they're very
stringent don't break them or we'll come
for
you we are very serious I mean we've
talked about just like you know adult
content and stuff like that I think uh I
I don't think anyone has ever challenged
us on content policy I think our only
policy is if it's have and our policies
are bulletproof they're bulletproof okay
yes um yeah no basically if it's legal
where we are and where you are that's
fine then we have nothing to say about
it pretty much that's what we've gone
with the nude stuff um there are
problems there because of the payment
processors not because of us so we'd
probably have to like clone the site
create like only planes.com
then use different payment processors
they have they have made it very clear
that unless you know in strip's case
this is very highly selective because if
you're only fans then sure because
you're bringing in so much money we're
not going to say no to that contract but
if you're anybody else
oh we have
morals no no
no very frustrating very the the the
arbitrary enforcement of these kinds of
policies no wait that's a lot of money
okay you can come through everybody else
no yeah and and then at that point why
because there's clearly no principled
stance here so like two okay to Apple's
credit at least they are genuinely
prudish yeah that honestly genuinely
wasn't bother me because they're
actually consistent yeah uh I mean I
think it's really stupid because they
released a VR headset without addressing
what people use VR headsets for yeah and
like actively working a game
um the consumption of such content on
their VR headset beat saber it's just
like all right next merge
message I'm so
sorry uh I work is setting up trade
shows I was wondering what was the
biggest challenge you faced while
organizing LTX and did anything learned
carrying and did anything learned
carrying into company policy as you grew
um biggest challenge was definitely
communication and that continues to be
our biggest challenge as an organization
did you learn anything to carry into
company policy yeah um that we should
communicate better we still have a lot
of work to do on that I I think that's
the hardest thing especially when you
have a company that's made out of a lot
of like Tech enthusiasts and uh they're
ilk we we've got a lot of people who are
not naturally extroverted and are don't
naturally seek conflict and and so that
can be a really difficult environment
sometimes especially when those people
just bottle it yeah and then all of a
sudden and it's like what yeah so I I
think you know remembering we're all on
the same team um it's very very
important I just noticed on the dock I
was scrolling around the dock for some
weird reason I just noticed on your face
partway through the dock right after the
sponsors it says I've been silenced new
line I said too much yeah that's the
title suggestions oh okay that's the
title I was like who was this what
happened are they okay oh that's great
I'm just going to start writing only way
they've been able to speak out I live in
your walls all over the document in like
0.01 gray font and then adjust Luke's
contrast on his screen so only he can
see
it oh
no I have given him too many ideas no
but that that I can see that being
terrifying oh yeah yeah no I just write
it there so it doesn't get lost uh hi
LDL Sam Alman is coming to my university
for a fireside chat next week what
questions should I bring to potentially
ask I don't know whatever questions you
want to hear a Tech bro answer
to yeah have you watched any of his
interviews dude like dude the one of my
one of the most interesting things I
find about his interviews are the hatred
the hatred behind his smile
I feel it in like almost no one more
than him it's actually crazy it's you
have to watch I don't remember the
particular interview but there's an
interview with him oh God where someone
starts asking him some questions that he
doesn't really like and he says
something along the lines of
like basically that question isn't worth
my time but in like a super PR friendly
way and he's smiling super happy the
whole time but he's just dunking on this
person and you know that he's doing that
and you know that he feels that way but
he's smiling and his tone of voice is
all happy and perky and I'm just like
this is incredibly fake to the point
where it like uh I do not like it I'm
not down be a human I understand what
you're trying to make isn't that but you
can be a human can you count to five
goodness what's next will we ever be
able to buy new products without AI now
do you think AI is just the new VC
hotness or will it continue to infest
every corner of our Lives until it's
unavoidable it might be bubbly right now
in terms of the valuation of the
companies that are capitalizing on this
sort of Boom um but it's not a fad it's
uh it's not going away in some form or
another this type of machine learning
not only isn't going away but has been
with us a lot longer than I think
mainstream media in particular realizes
like um
neural networks um large language models
none of this stuff happened in the last
year um yeah it's just that we reached
this sort of breakthrough point where it
started becoming usable and that drove a
lot of interest in it that's that's the
only difference um and the the hardware
is getting to the point where you know
it's fast enough to to do in real
time um yeah it's going to be everywhere
absolutely don't
even don't delude yourself into thinking
that that's not
happening as tinan said in float plane
chat it's the new Ray
tracing which I think is an interesting
comparison yeah yeah CU when it was it
was first introduced it was super
overhyped and people tried to use it and
it was kind of eh and then years down
the line it's like oh this is actually
really sick and in the long term it'll
be the only way that makes sense to do
things because like manually coding what
light should look like will seem stupid
when we can just simulate it splatting
thank you none of masks any chance for
opening merch messages sooner for EU
customers it's 6:30 in the morning here
um we got to try to find the balance
when we had it loaded towards the front
of the show people got really upset and
they felt like it was just the promoting
LTT store.com show oh no I I think they
mean being able to do
it no I don't think so I think they mean
responding to them they said opening up
yeah like opening them
no like enabling them oh oh uh I don't
know if we want more merch messages you
guys like we we do we really appreciate
your patronage and uh and all of that
but you know for the most part LTD store
is a store um not a
um messaging app if you
will and last one I've got for you here
hey DL I'm one of the fun few working at
a media company with huge layoffs been
working on my indie game and wondering
since you have invested in projects what
should I maybe do to find funding I got
to be honest with you I don't know
pretty much anything about that world I
uh I there's a couple projects that uh
that Nas software and framework that
I've thrown some money at um because I
just think they're super cool I did
functionally zero due diligence on
either of them with framework I was like
this thing seems amazing I I I I have no
idea if this is going to work but I want
it to be the next thing I'm going to put
my money where my mouth is I I I like a
big part of it was just like I thought
it'd be a splashy title for the video
like I just you know I thought it was a
cool I thought it was so cool and I just
wanted to be part of it um I I didn't
I'd never met the founder other than
like exchanging a couple of emails and
uh I didn't know anything about the team
that is
abely and then
with the software I knew the guys on the
team uh from their unraid days but like
I didn't do any due diligence with
respect to like their other funding or
like I I I personally never even read
the shareholder agreement I I don't know
what it says ion says she looked at it
but like at the end of the day um you
know these were guys that contributed in
a big way like John was realistic The
Mastermind behind seven Gamers one CPU
like he made that thing happen I did a
lot of the work too but like I couldn't
have done it without him and so sort of
looking at how helpful he was I was like
okay well like I don't know whatever
here's the money and like do it or burn
it um we'll see what happens
um I I don't want to announce anything
you know out of turn or whatever but I
think there's going to be some stuff to
talk about hopefully in the span of
weeks rather than months which is pretty
exciting because
nice yeah I uh I have some issues with
my Nas setup right now that I'm just
like I could fight through like forums
and documentation and try and fix this
or I could just not bother I could just
wait
for I've been kind of itching to improve
my Nas setup but I've been waiting for
this thing yeah to be honest so like I
think we're not the only ones that
sounds great um yeah I know I'm I'm I'm
pretty stoked but like what I'm kind of
getting to here is I don't know how that
world works I just stupidly thrown
amounts of money that I am 100% willing
to lose at these companies that I just
either the people or the mission I think
are extremely cool and important I don't
think you would ever find probably
another investor like me because I
really have zero involvement and demand
absolutely nothing from them because as
far as I'm concerned I was just kissing
the money goodbye most in s expect a
return and they expect it within some
period I have no intention of cashing
out my framework shares you're like a
unicorn investor except I don't have
unicorn investor money like in both
cases it was not going lie didn't know
that was a term that existed oh yeah
it's a thing oh
um like I I I don't sorry unicorn would
be more of like a term for the startup
that has like a huge valuation and huge
growth sorry so when when you said that
what I meant was like I'm not the kind
of person who can like single-handedly
come in and like turn you into a unicorn
was what I meant by that understood um
like in both cases angel investor people
are saying Angel that's it thank you um
so so like I don't have angel investor
money I uh yeah that's that's that's it
I knew they were related um in both
cases it was a couple hundred grand
which uh it's been kind of funny to see
accusations of like how compromised I am
now over that over that investment um
let me put it this way that wouldn't
cover our payroll
for I don't think that would cover our
payroll for a
week yeah I think that's about right
now so
like it's yeah it's a ton of money and
it's really meaningful to those small
teams which is why I wanted to support
them but it's like in the grand scheme
of lus Media Group and it's and its
operations and obviously I would rather
it makes a profit or whatever but um you
can't do that all the time yeah I can't
do it all the time so much that you can
do that with we only have two cases of
this ever happening so like this is not
something that I just do casually on
stream yeah we even we even had like the
the community was quite I I think the
community seems to have forgotten about
this sometimes but the community was
quite involved with the framew work
investment y we like asked them if it
was cool yep yep and their vote mattered
if I remember correctly I don't fully
remember but yeah absolutely yeah so I
don't know guys it's um I I don't know
anything about it I just have have done
a couple random things cuz I thought the
people were really cool and I thought
the mission was really cool I don't know
I don't understand it I don't uh I can't
relate to the usual investor mindset and
I I have done enough looking into
raising Capital as a business owner
that I've just looked at it and I've
gone that looks horrible and I don't
want to learn about this I was going to
say we're we're the wrong people low
amount of total Investments the
Investments that do exist are weird and
we've never gotten investment yeah so
sorry oh and sorry I think the show's
over oh we will see you again next week
same bad time same bad Channel
[Music]
bye oh someone asked uh what happened to
the GameStop shares I think at some
point yvon just flipped whatever was
left of them and uh she was trying to
pay something down and was liquidating
things so I don't I don't actually know
what they sold for
but there's that so yeah I do not